Conversation 1
Customer: I'd like to book a trip to Atlantis from Caprica on Saturday, August 13, 2016 for 8 adults. I have a tight budget of 1700.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hi...I checked a few options for you, and unfortunately, we do not currently have any trips that meet this criteria.  Would you like to book an alternate travel option?
Customer: Yes, how about going to Neverland from Caprica on August 13, 2016 for 5 adults. For this trip, my budget would be 1900.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I checked the availability for this date and there were no trips available.  Would you like to select some alternate dates?
Customer: I have no flexibility for dates... but I can leave from Atlantis rather than Caprica. How about that?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I checked the availability for that date and there were no trips available.  Would you like to select some alternate dates?
Customer: I suppose I'll speak with my husband to see if we can choose other dates, and then I'll come back to you.Thanks for your help

Conversation 2
Customer: Hello, I am looking to book a vacation from Gotham City to Mos Eisley for $2100.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hi. Sorry, I can't find any trips from Gotham City to Mos Eisley for you.
Customer: What about a trip from Gotham City to Neverland for the same budget?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sorry, I cannot find any trips leaving from Gotham City. Could you suggest another nearby departure city?
Customer: Would any packages to Mos Eisley be available if I increase my budget to $2500?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There are no trips available to Mos Eisley.
Customer: You know what, I'd like to try and visit Neverland
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I cannot find any trips available to Neverland.
Customer: Do you have any trips from Gotham City to Kobe for my original budget of $2100?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you a 3 day trip to Kobe leaving from Sapporo, Japan. Is this ok?
Customer: No, that's too far for me. I need a flight that leaves from Birmingham.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you a trip from Birmingham to Kobe for 2747.8 USD.
Customer: How many days would I be in Kobe?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would arrive in Kobe August 17th and return to Birmingham on August 22nd.
Customer: What would the price be if I shortened my trip by one day?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can not find any trips from Birmingham to Kobe for 4 days.
Customer: Ok, then I would like to purchase this package. What activities are included in this package?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There are no activities listed for this package. You will be staying at the Ivory Legacy Hotel for 7 days. This hotel has a 4.5 star rating and free wifi. Will I go ahead and book this package?
Customer: Yes, I would like to book this package.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great. Your flight departs from Birmingham at 9:00 am - Wednesday, August 17th 2016. Enjoy your trip, I have booked this package for you.

Conversation 3
Customer: Hello there i am looking to go on a vacation with my family to Gotham City, can you help me?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): when  would you like to travel and how many people will you be?
Customer: Not sure when we want to leave, but we are 12 kids and 5 adults
Customer Service Agent (CSA): do you have a budget?
Customer: yes i do, it is around $2200
Customer Service Agent (CSA): where will you be travelling from?
Customer: We are from Neverland
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We have nothing available leaving from Neverland, are you able to depart from another city?
Customer: we can depart from Toronto
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Gotham City is not a destination we travel to. Are you interested in any other destinations?
Customer: hmm what options would i have out of Toronto?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you be interested in Calgary?
Customer: that would be nice
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a departure from Toronto to Calgary  on August 17 returning on August 24. Does that work for you?
Customer: No sorry i was planning on getting a tan this vacation. Thanks, is there anywhere else? Thank you
is there anywhere else?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How about a trip to Dominican Republic? it is quite cheap at this time of year.
Customer: What options do you have available for me?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have the el Mar hotel available in Punta Cana this week.
Customer: That sounds interesting. how many stars does the hotel have?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 2.5 stars. You would have to fly out of Melbourne though
Customer: Ahh...maybe another time

Conversation 4
Customer: Hi I'd like to go to Caprica from Busan, between Sunday August 21, 2016 and Wednesday August 31, 2016
Customer Service Agent (CSA): And what would be your maximum budget for this trip?
Customer: Actually it's unlimited for this trip
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How many adults and how many children will be making this trip?
Customer: 2 adults
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have no trips to Caprica from Busan.  I do have a trip to Mannheim, Germany, one to Kingston , Canada, and another to Toronto Canada.  Would you like to select alternate dates or an alternate travel destination?
Customer: Do you have anything for San Antonio as a destination?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes, I do.  I have one for 8445.37 USD.  Would you like to book this package?  The guest rating is 7.15/10 and there is free parking and free wifi.  Leaving Sunday, August 21st at 11:00 a.m. and returning Sunday, August 28th at 1:00 a.m.
Customer: Is breakfast included?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes, it is.
Customer: That sounds great. 1:00 am return on Sunday August 28th is very early in the morning... 
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like to book this package?
Customer: Yes I would. Thanks for your help.

Conversation 5
Customer: Hello, I am looking to book a trip for 2 adults and 6 children for $21,300 or less. We are departing from Kochi for Denver.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have several options available within your budget. How long would you like to travel for? And do you have dates in mind?
Customer: I do not have any dates in mind. I would like to spend as much time in Denver as my budget will allow.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book 7 days at a 4.0 star hotel for 19028.93USD. I can also book 7 days at a 3.0 star hotel for 12824.84USD.
Customer: Do these packages have different departure dates? When would I be leaving for each of them?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The 3.0 star trip leaves Kochi August 26 and returns August 31. The 4.0 star leaves August 27 from Kochi and returns September 1.
Customer: Ok, I would like to purchase the trip with the 4-star hotel.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Perfect, I will book that trip for you now. You will depart Kochi at 9:00 am August 27. Have a nice day.
Customer: Thank you

Conversation 6
Customer: Hey, i Want to go to St. Louis on the 17th of August
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For how many days?
Customer: I need to back by the 31st
Customer Service Agent (CSA): What will your departure city be?
Customer: I’m from Calgary
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a direct flight leaving from Calgary on August 18 and returning on August 28th. Does that work for you?
Customer: Yes that sounds perfect may you please tell me about the destination place
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is the Glorious Cloak inn hotel in St. Louis. It has a 3-star rating.
Customer: That sounds lavish, what type of flight would that be?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would be flying business class, for a grand total of only $1858.14
Customer: Are there any possible flights with economy class?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a package at the Lunar whcih has a 5 star rating on an economy class flight on the same dates for $1558.00
Customer: that sounds even better.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): This deal includes free breakfast and free wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Customer: Yes please, that sounds wonderful. thank you

Conversation 7
Customer: I'm looking for a trip to Gotham City leaving from Kakariko Village on Saturday, August 13, 2016. 3 adults for no more than $2400 USD.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a trip available to Vancouver for these dates within your price range.  Would you like to increase your budget or adjust the dates?
Customer: I'd like to adjust the departure city to Caprica.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Still no availability for this destination.  Would you like to increase your budget or adjust the dates?
Customer: The dates cannot be changed. How about going to Theed with 14 adults, leaving from Kakariko Village, on a budget of $2900?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Still no availability.
Customer: Then I will bring my business elsewhere. Thank you.

Conversation 8
Customer: Hello, I would like to book a 2-week trip leaving from Melbourne on August 27. I would like to go to Mannheim.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Have you got a budget for this vacation?
Customer: I do not have a budget, however I would like to pick whichever package is cheapest. Could you offer me the cheapest package for each destination?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you 9 days in Mannheim for 3258.15USD at a 5 star hotel,
Customer: Is there a package to Mannheim which offers a cheaper hotel? I am flexible with my dates of arrival and departure.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I am unable to find any cheaper packages for Mannheim
Customer: What would the cost be if I stayed for 10 days in Mexico City?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You can stay in Mexico City for 8 days for 426.16USD leaving from Melbourne, USA.
Customer: Actually I am leaving from Melbourne, Australia. How does this affect the price of the trip?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I cannot find any trips available from Melbourne, Australia to Mexico City.
Customer: Could I purchase a package  to Vancouver similar to the one I was offered?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I cannot find any trips available from Melbourne, Australia to any destinations. This point of departure is not in my database.
Customer: Ok, thank you for your time anyways

Conversation 9
Customer: Hello, I am planning to book a trip to pittsborgh
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hello. Would that be Pittsborgh, Pennsylvania?
Customer: i think so!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): And what city will you be departing from?
Customer: We will be leaving from Fukuoka
Customer Service Agent (CSA): how many people will be travelling together?
Customer: there will be myself, 1 adult, and my four kids
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have specific dates in mind?
Customer: none at the moment
Customer Service Agent (CSA): and for how long would you like to go for?
Customer: also not sure yet
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have no flights available to Pittsburgh, but I have package available to Vancouver
Customer: I would like to see the availabilities in Vancouver please
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have several available.  Do you have a budget in mind?
Customer: I have $12600 to spend on this vacation
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It would be helpful if you could provide me with some dates
Customer: we are very flexible with dates anything would work
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I am very sorry  but I have nothing available at the moment
Customer: that’s very unfortunate, thank you anyways

Conversation 10
Customer: Hi, I need to go to Mos Eisley for a wedding, leaving on Saturday, August 13, 2016 and returning on Tuesday, August 16, 2016. Preferably for $3700.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like to have a departure from a specific location?

Conversation 11
Customer: I'd like to get away from Monday, August 15, 2016 to Wednesday, August 31, 2016. My budget is $3200 and I would leave from Detroit.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): And what destination would you like to travel to?
Customer: Anywhere, I'm looking for an adventure. What do you have?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How about Mexico or Porto Alegre?
Customer: Let's look at both
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Mexico is unavailable.  Porto Alegre is available, but you would have to leave from Santos.
Customer: Can you please suggest some destinations that are available? I am leaving from Detroit.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have no departures available from Detroit. for these dates.  Would you like to make a date change?
Customer: Anything between August 15 and August 31?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I'm sorry, but we do not have any departures from Detroit available for these dates for the budget you provided.  Would you like to adjust your budget for this trip?
Customer: No I cannot. Thank you for your help

Conversation 12
Customer: Good day, please book me a trip from Vancouver, Jamaica to Recife. I would like to leave for 17 days on August 24.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like to travel to Vancouver, Canada from Dublin, USA?
Customer: No, I would like to depart from Vancouver, Jamaica for the aforementioned destination.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you an 8 day trip from Calgary to Vancouver, Canada for 810.50USD.
Customer: I would not like to travel to Vancouver, Canada.  Do you have any trips to Recife, Brazil?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you a trip from Porto Alegre to Recife for 682.19USD.
Customer: I will take any package you give me to any destination as long as it leaves from Vancouver, Jamaica.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you a trip from Vancouver, Canada to Toronto, Canada for 837.99USD.
Customer: If you cannot book me a flight that leaves from Vancouver, Jamaica then I cannot book a trip.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I cannot book you a trip leaving from Vancouver, Jamaica.
Customer: Actually I will be departing from Vancouver, British Columbia, do you have packages to Recife?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book 11 days in Recife leaving from Vancouver for 2171.6USD.
Customer: Do you have any similar packages to Goiania?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book 5 days in Goiania for 2190.68USD.
Customer: What kind of hotel would I be staying at in Recife?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 3.5 star hotel for free wi-fi, free parking, and free breakfast.
Customer: Would my room have a view of the city? How much would it cost to upgrade to a room with a view?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I cannot provide this information
Customer: Ok, I'm ready to buy this package
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok. I will book this package for you. You will be leaving Vancouver, Canada at 1:00 pm - Monday, August 15th 2016 and arriving in Recife, Brazil at 10:16 pm - Monday, August 15th 2016. You will be staying at La Casa Del Amor. Enjoy your trip.
Customer: I was supposed to leave on August 24th. Do you have any packages that leave on that date?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you 11 days in Recife leaving Vancouver on August 27th for 3119.42USD.
Customer: Actually I would like to purchase the first package to Recife.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok, I will book you the package to Recife that leaves Vancouver, Canada on August 15.
Customer: Thanks

Conversation 13
Customer: Hi im looking for a nice destination that i could go to from Columbus
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have 2 choices, Vancouver or Toronto.
Customer: What options are there for both
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a few. Do you have a budget in mind?
Customer: $3700 is my budget at the moment
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have the Obsidian Gem Inn in Vancouver which is a 4-star hotel at $1934.64 or the Hotel Richard in Toronto which is a 3-star hotel at $2393.00. Both are for a 14 day stay.
Customer: Toronto seems like a better place this time of year, when would the flights be?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a direct flight to Toronto departing on August 15th and returning on August 28th.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Customer: would by chance have one leaving on the 19th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a flight available departing on August 24th and returning on September 6th
Customer: let’s go ahead and book this
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Perfect. Thank you.
Customer: thank you

Conversation 14
Customer: Hi, I have a big family and we can't afford a big vacation, we want to go to Atlantis from Mos Eisley for $3600 at most.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have a preferred set of dates for this trip?
Customer: Nope
Customer Service Agent (CSA): And how many adults and how many children are you bringing with you to Atlantis?
Customer: 12 adults and one child.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I'm sorry, but we do not currently have any travel packages available for this destination.  Do you have any other destinations that you might like to travel to?
Customer: No, we are visiting family in Atlantis. Can you check once more please?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I'm sorry, but I do not currently have any travel packages available for this location.  Are you quite sure that I cannot interest you in another travel destination?
Customer: Yes, I'm quite sure. Thank you for your help.

Conversation 15
Customer: Hi, I'm leaving from Diagon Alley and going to Coruscant on a budget of $3400. The dates don't matter, but I cannot afford anything over my budget.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): And how many children and adults will you be bringing with you?
Customer: Just myself.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I'm sorry, but this travel destination is not available.
Customer: What about Neverland on the same budget?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Neverland is unavailable.  Vancouver would be available, however.  Would you like to select another location?
Customer: No I cannot do another location. What if I increased my budget by $400?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I am sorry, but we do not have any trips available to the Neverland travel destination.
Customer: nor Coruscant?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Coruscant is not available either.
Customer: Ok thanks.

Conversation 16
Customer: Hi there, im from Vitoria and I want to go on vacation
Customer Service Agent (CSA): where would you like to go?
Customer: I would like to go to Santo domingo
Customer Service Agent (CSA): would a 7 day trip work for you?
Customer: yes that sounds fine, looking to leave on the 19th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): great, I have a flight departing on the 19th and returning on the 25th of August
Customer: what is the hotel like?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is called the Rose Sierra Hotel and it is a 3-star hotel that includes free breakfast, wifi and parking. The total cost would be  $2170.90.
Customer: what type of flight is that going to be?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is an economy class flight
Customer: let’s book it please
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Perfect. Have a great trip.
Customer: Thank you

Conversation 17
Customer: Hi, me and my family want to take a trip to Kakariko Village.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How many adults and how many children will you be bringing with you?   Do you have a preferred departure location?  What would be your maximum budget?
Customer: We are four adults and 11 children departing from Godric's Hollow. $3500 is the most we are willing to spend.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I do not have any packages available from that departure location for that budget.  Would you like to adjust the budget?
Customer: I would not be able to spend more than $4500
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like to suggest another departure location?  And what travel destination would you like to travel to?
Customer: We'll catch a flight from Toronto then. We're headed for Kakariko Village.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There are no travel packages available to Kakariko Village.
Customer: Ok, do you have any travel packages to Kingston, Canada for 11 kids and 4 adults, $3500 or less, departing from Toronto?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes, I have a package available leaving Toronto at 10:00 a.m. on August 24th and returning to Toronto at 4:00 a.m on August 30th.  This package offers free breakfast, free wifi, and free parking.  The cost of this package is 3465.91 USD.  Would you like to book this package?
Customer: Do you have any information on what activities are included in the package?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can't help you with that.
Customer: Is this a direct flight to Kingston or do we have to make a transfer? Are the tickets business class?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The tickets are Economy.  I'm sorry, we do not have any tickets available to Business Class for this flight.  Would you like to book this package?
Customer: Yes, I'll take it. Thank you

Conversation 18
Customer: Hi, I'm looking for a trip  from Thursday, August 18, 2016 to Thursday, September 8, 2016 to Mexico City
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can look into your options for you. Where would you like to depart from?
Customer: Kingston
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book 5 days in Mexico City leaving from Kingston, Canada for 1226.20USD. Or, if you're interested 12 days in Columbus for 1865.3USD.
Customer: How many stars do the hotels have and what's included with the hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Mexico City hotel is 3.0 stars with free breakfast and free wifi, while the Columbus hotel is 2.5 stars with free parking and free wifi.
Customer: I prefer 3 stars and above. I'm flexible with my budget, is there anything else in Columbo?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can get you 12 days at a 3.5 start hotel in Columbus for 1942.52USD.
Customer: That's looking good. I want to see a few more options before I choose one. There's nothing available in Porto?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You can spend 13 days in Porto at a 3.0 star hotel for 2112.86USD. 
Customer: Porto would be great. Can you tell me more about the hotel.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel is Deluxe Hotel  and has free breakfast and wifi. You can also stay at Amistad for 13 days, this hotel has a 3.5 rating as well with free breakfast and wifi.
Customer: Excellent. I'll stay at the Amistad for 13 days. Thanks for your help.

Conversation 19
Customer: Hi im from Caprica looking to book a vacation to Hyrule
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hello, I am sorry but we do not have anything available for those destinations  Are you interested in other destinations?
Customer: Ya for sure, not sure where, lets see what would fit my plans between the 13th of august and the 16th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): would you be interested in going to Vancouver or Toronto?
Customer: How about if i leave fro Birmingham?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I am sorry, it's a busy time of year and all I have available at the moment is Vancouver or Toronto.
Customer: sure lets try Vancouver then
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have a date in mind?
Customer: I want to leave on the 13th of august and be back on the 16th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have a date in mind?
Customer: I want to leave on the 13th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have nothing available on the 13th. I do have something available from the 17th to the 25th of August.
Customer: you know none of these are meeting my requests. i will just go with another service. Thank you.

Conversation 20
Customer: Hey man, imma leave from Godric's Hollow on August 27, 2016 and go to Goiania. Can't pay more than 4300USD. Watcha got?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hello, how many people will be travelling to Goiania?
Customer: Just me
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I cannot find any trips to Goiania leaving from Godric's Hollow. Is there another nearby city you could depart from?
Customer: yeah how about Montreal?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you 11 days in Goiania for 3374.42USD. Are you interested?
Customer: that's leaving on August 27th?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You will leave Montreal on Tuesday, August 16th 2016.
Customer: nothing closer to the 27th?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book 11 days at the same hotel for 3549.83USD leaving on August 25.
Customer: ya that's awesome. I'll book it. thanks man.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok, I will book that trip. Enjoy.

Conversation 21
Customer: HI im from Alexandria looking to book a 12 day vacation
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I only have flights available to Vancouver, Canada at the moment. Would that be satisfactory?
Customer: no sorry that wouldn’t. I will look elsewhere thank you!

Conversation 22
Customer: Hi im from termina can we find a vacation that starts on the 13th?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The earliest available flight I have leaves on September 20th, leaving from Dallas with Vancouver, Canada as a destination.
Customer: How about if i leave from Vancouver where would i be able to go?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Either Calgary or Toronto.
Customer: and if i were to leave from columbus?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): From Columbus, I have  flights available to Toronto or Vancouver.
Customer: what do we have for Toronto?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): From Toronto I have packages available to Calgary or Vancouver. I am only showing the cheapest packages. Perhaps if you give me your budget, I can find other more exciting destinations.
Customer: i have a budget of $3000, and let’s say that i leave from Mexico City
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I apologize, but leaving from Mexico City, the only available destinations are Toronto or Vancouver. Perhaps if we change your dates?
Customer: no that is all thank you i will try another service. Thank you

Conversation 23
Customer: Hi. I'm looking for an adventure from Thursday, August 18 to Saturday, September 3. I'm thinking of going to Fortaleza. Yes, with free breakfast of course. I'm leaving from Essen.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book 8 days in Fortaleza for 2026.51USD, 9 days in Ciudad Juarez for 3393.97USD, 9 days in Burlington for 2119.26USD, or 9 days in Buenos Aires for 2085.15USD. All of these options have free breakfast.
Customer: Can you tell me more about the Fortaleza package?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book 8 days in Fortaleza for 2026.51USD.
Customer: How many stars is the hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel in Fortaleza is 3.0 stars with a user rating of 7.15 stars.
Customer: Is there free wifi?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is free wifi and free parking in addition to free breakfast.
Customer: I like the Fortaleza package. How about the Ciudad Juarez and Burlington packages, is there free wifi and parking in addition to breakfast?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel in Ciudad Juarez has free parking and wifi, but the hotel in Burlington does not offer free parking. It does, however, have free wifi.
Customer: I'll book the Fortaleza package please.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You will leave Essen at 10:00 am - Wednesday, August 17th 2016. Thank you for using this service.
Customer: Perfect. Thank you for your help

Conversation 24
Customer: Hi, my name is Harry Potter and I'd like to go to Hogsmeade leaving from Kakariko Village on Saturday, August 13th for 3 nights with 11 friends.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book 6 days at Obsidian Gem Inn in Vancouver, Canada for 10540.39USD. Would you like to leave from Dallas, USA?
Customer: What? No. I'm looking for a trip to Hogsmeade with 11 of my friends.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can offer you a trip for 12 adults is 6 days at Obsidian Gem Inn in Vancouver, Canada for 10540.39USD. Shall I go ahead and book this?
Customer: I'll have to talk about it with my friends and get back to you. Thank you for your help.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Goodbye

Conversation 25
Customer: Hi looking to go on vacation on the 13th of august
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Our best deal right now is to Vancouver, Canada.
Customer: How about Naples
Customer Service Agent (CSA): and which city will you be departing from?
Customer: Vancouver
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Perfect, any idea how long you would like to spend in Naples and when you would like to depart?
Customer: im planning on a three day get away from the 13th to the 16th of August
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have an availability on August 19th and it is for a 6 day stay. Are you okay with that?
Customer: ya that sounds interesting can you tell me more about this package?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would be staying at the Courtyard Resort which is a 3-star hotel, breakfast and wifi included. The flight is a direct flight from Vancouver to Naples on economy class. The total cost is $2349.83USD.
Customer: are there any other Hotels?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is also the Tower Hotel which is a 4-star hotel, but that one is only available from August 24th to August 28th.
Customer: How much would that be?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): $2016.37USD
Customer: and is that flight in Business class?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): No it would be in economy class
Customer: can we upgrade it?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Absolutely.  The new price  would work out to $2568.35USD. Would you like me to book that for you?
Customer: yes please that sounds perfect! Thank You!

Conversation 26
Customer: Hi. I live in Busan and I'd like to go to Las Vegas from Wednesday August 17 to Monday September 5. What's available?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can get you 7 days in Vancouver, Canada for 2742.44USD. Does this interest you?
Customer: Perhaps another time, I'm really just looking for Las Vegas.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have a budget in mind?
Customer: Around 3000USD
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You can book 10 days in Cairo for 2532.89USD. I cannot find anything in Las Vegas, within your budget.
Customer: How much is a package to Punta Cana?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book 12 days in Punta Cana for 3506.84USD.
Customer: I'd like to compare the Cairo and Punta Cana packages. What are the hotels, how many stars, free wifi, free breakfast?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): In Cairo you would be staying at Mellow Horizon Inn & Suites. It has a 3.0 star rating with free wifi, breakfast, and parking. In Punta Cana you would be staying at Atlantis Gorge. It has a 2.5 star rating with free wifi and breakfast.
Customer: I'd like to book the Cairo package. Thank you!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok, I will book this package. Enjoy your trip.

Conversation 27
Customer: Hello, I want to leave from Seoul on August 27 and return on September 9. You can go to Manaus.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have a maximum budget for this travel package?
Customer: No budget, I show me an array of packages with varying prices
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Only one travel package for Mainaus is available for a departure on August 27th at 8:00 a.m.  The hotel is very good, with a 6.77/10 guest rating.  However, the return date is August 31st at 1:00 a.m. for this travel package.  I have no other locations available for these departure and arrival dates.  Would you like to book this travel package?
Customer: Would I be staying in a room with an ocean front view? How much would it cost to upgrade to such a room?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I'm sorry, I do not have that information
Customer: Does the hotel have a gym which guests can access?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes there is a gym.  Would you like to book this travel package?
Customer: Please. Thanks

Conversation 28
Customer: I'm a polygamist and I'd like to travel with my 6 partners and 1 child to San Juan from Pittsburgh on a budget of 6600 USD
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book 8 days in Pittsburgh for 7 adults and 1 child for 6067.58USD. Would you like to hear more options?
Customer: Can you tell me how much the hotel is per night, in case we make a last minute decision to stay one more night?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel in Pittsburgh would cost 6067.58USD to stay from August 17 to August 24. 
Customer: How much would it cost from August 17th to August 25th?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I'm sorry, I cannot find any options available in Pittsburgh for August 17 to August 25 that depart from San Juan.
Customer: Ok I'll book the package with 8 days in Pittsburgh from August 17th to the 24th. Thank you.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Booking that package for you now - have a good day

Conversation 29
Customer: Hi, send me on a 10 day-trip away from Cairo. I'd like to leave August 15. Send me to Sendai. Money is not object
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How many adults and how many children will be travelling?
Customer: Just me, one adult
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a trip to Sendai from August 15th at 11:00 a.m. to August 22nd at 7:00 a.m.  The guest rating is 8.49/10. You'll be flying economy
Customer: Would you be able to tell me which airline I would be flying with?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): No, but I can confirm that you will be flying Economy.
Customer: Would it be possible to upgrade to first class?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can offer you another package.  If you leave on August 17th, I can offer you a hotel with a guest rating of 8.8/10 and you could fly Business Class.  The flight would leave from Cairo on Wednesday August 17th at 11:00 a.m. and return Wednesday, August 24th at 7:00 a.m.  In addition, the hotel has free wifi.  Would you like to book this travel package?
Customer: Could you tell me if either of these hotels allows pets?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): No, I do not have access to this information. Would you like to book this travel package anyway?
Customer: Yes, I would like to book this package.

Conversation 30
Customer: Good afternoon, I'd like to book a trip with my son from August 18 to August 29. He and I would be leaving from Curitiba. What destinations can you offer?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can offer 11 days in Hamburg for 3550.41USD. You would return on August 28th
Customer: Goodness that's too expensive. Is there anything you can offer around $2600?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can also offer 10 days in Vancouver, Canada for 4319.83USD, 9 days in Frankfurt for 4615.35USD, or 12 days in Paris for 4771.39USD.
Customer: Is there anything for 2600USD between the dates of August 18 and August 29th? For less than 10 days?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you be interested in spending 9 days in Manaus for 1162.21USD?
Customer: Fantastic! What are the departure and arrival dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would depart on Friday, August 19th and return Saturday, August 28th.
Customer: What is the hotel, and how many stars does it have?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel is called Hotel Mundo and has a 2.5 star rating. I can also offer you 5 days at Scarlet Palms Resort, a 3.5 star rating hotel, for 1358.78USD.
Customer: I like the Scarlet Palms Resort. What are the departure and arrival dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You will depart Wednesday, August 24th 2016 and return home on Sunday, August 28th 2016.
Customer: Is there an indoor pool at the hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is free wifi and breakfast at the hotel.
Customer: Ok I'll book this one.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure thing. I will book 5 days at the Scarlet Palms resort for one adult and one child. Thank you.
Customer: Thank you!

Conversation 31
Customer: Hi, my family and i are booking a trip to Sacramento, can you help us?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure, where would you be flying out of?
Customer: we would be coming from San Diego
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How many people will you be?
Customer: there will be 3 kids and myself (an adult)
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Are there any specific dates you would like to book for?
Customer: not really
Customer Service Agent (CSA): how long would you like to stay?
Customer: depends on the package we get
Customer Service Agent (CSA): do you have a budget in mind?
Customer: im willing to spend at most $4200
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have something available at the Bronze Luxury Hotel which is a 5-star hotel for $2672.25 departing on Aug 19th and returning on August 26th. Is this suitable?
Customer: yes actually that would be wonderful can i upgrade the flight?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Of course you can, the new price would be $3064.23USD. Would you like me to book that for you?
Customer: yes please that sounds perfect! Thank you.

Conversation 32
Customer: Hi I need a break from Gotham City, the crime rate is just too high. I'd like to go to Hogsmead with 3 kids and 9 adults.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I cannot find any trips from Gotham City to Hogsmead. What about Dallas to Vancouver?
Customer: No thank you, in that case I will stay in Gotham City. Thanks for your help.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Goodbye.

Conversation 33
Customer: Hello, I have 15 vacation days available between June 1st and August 31st. I am leaving from Theed. I would like to go somewhere with lots of sunshine.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have no departures available from Theed.  Would you like to pick another departure travel location?
Customer: Do you have any departures from Kobe, Japan?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): No, I don't.  Would you like to select another location?
Customer: How about Birmingham City?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure.  Would you like to go to Mexico City?  I have a flight available on Wednesday, August 17th at 10:00 a.m. to Tuesday, August 23rd at 4:00 a.m.
Customer: What are my options for hotels?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The best hotel I have is a 3.0 star hotel with a 6.91/10 rating.  The flight for this travel package would be from Monday, August 15th at 10:00 a.m. to Sunday, August 21st at 4:00 a.m.  The hotel has free parking and free wifi.  Would you like to book this travel package?
Customer: How much would this package be? Could you offer me a cheaper hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The cost of this package is 1644.98 USD.  Would you like to book this travel package?
Customer: Could you show me some hotels with lower guest ratings and lower prices?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Here are a couple of options.  The first option is a 3.0 star hotel (the Tropic), with a guest rating of 6.77/10 and a business class flight.  The cost is 1002.27 USD.  Or, if you prefer, you could choose the same 3.0 star hotel with a guest rating of 6.77/10 (the Tropic) and an economy flight,  for 812.69.
Customer: What other destinations could you offer me if I'm departing from Birmingham City?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I could offer you Vancouver, British Columbia, or Porto Alegre, Brazil.  Which would you prefer?
Customer: How much are the packages to each city?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like a more expensive or a less expensive travel package?
Customer: I would like to see both options, along with the hotels offered
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I could offer you the package to Porto Alegre, Brazil for 2572.16 USD. The hotel would be the Deluxe Hotel (which has a guest rating of 8.69/10) or the package to Vancouver, British Columbia for 477.93 USD .  The hotel would be Parallel Carnaval Bed & Breakfast (which has a guest rating of 8.86/10).
Customer: I can extend my vacation time to the 14th of September, does this open up any new options?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have an even better option available for you.  You could travel to Vancouver, Canada for $511.80 USD.  You would stay at the Western Ridge.  It is a 4.0 star hotel with a 10/10 guest rating.  If, however, you would really like to travel to Mexico City, I have a great package for you at only 1168.35 USD.  You would stay at the Exalted Willow Resort & Suites.  It is a 3.5 star hotel with a 8.37/10 guest rating.  Which would you prefer?
Customer: Could you tell me which of these resorts offers free wifi?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Both have wifi
Customer: I am also inquiring about the previous offered packages
Customer Service Agent (CSA): All of them do.
Customer: Could you let me know which class I would be flying in for each destination?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you prefer to fly Business Class or Economy?
Customer: I would prefer to fly economy
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The flight to Vancouver and the flight to Mexico City are Economy flights.
Customer: Then I would like to travel to Vancouver and stay at the Western Ridge

Conversation 34
Customer: Hello! I live in Munich and I'd like to book any kind of trip between Monday, August 15th and Friday August 26th for 3 adults and 3 kids.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book 8 days in Toronto for 5844.99USD, 8 days in Vancouver for 6088.3USD, or 8 days in Calgary for 11900.25USD. Do any of these destinations interest you?
Customer: I have a budget of 2800 USD... Do you have anything cheaper? Perhaps for a shorter duration?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book 9 days in Hamburg for 1296.31USD, 5 days in Rome for 1502.94USD, 5 days in Stuttgart for 2370.61USD, 6 days in Mannheim for 2460.91USD, 9 days in Paris for 2505.13USD, or 6 days in Frankfurt for 2762.18USD.
Customer: I'll book 6 days in Mannheim.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok. I can upgrade your flights to business class for a total of 2715.60USD. Would you like that?
Customer: Yes perfect. How is the hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel is 5 stars and includes free wifi with an onsite spa.
Customer: Perfect! I will book this one.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You will depart Munich at 9:00 am - August 17th and leave Mannheim at 3:00 am - August 22nd. I will book this trip to The Regal Resort for you. 
Customer: Thank you!

Conversation 35
Customer: Hi im from punta cana looking to go on a trip
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Where would you like to travel to?
Customer: Im thinking to Fukuoka
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Did you have any specific dates in mind?
Customer: maybe the 15th of August until the 20th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How many people will be travelling with you?
Customer: just myself
Customer Service Agent (CSA): would the 15th to the 18th work for you?
Customer: where would i be staying?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): HOTEL Sugoi in Fukuoka
Customer: what is the rating
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is a 3-star hotel and your package includes free wifi
Customer: and what if i were to go to Essen?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a couple of choices in Essen. Are you looking for a 2-star or a 3-star option?
Customer: The three star option
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Your best choice would be the Relaxation Hotel which is a 3-star hotel and includes breakfast and wifi. It is available either from August 15th to August 27 or from August 27th to September 2nd.  Do either one of those dates fit into your schedule?
Customer: these dates don’t look like they would be compatible with my schedule. Hey, how about going to hiroshima?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I apologize, I have nothing available to Hiroshima. Would you like me to explore other options?
Customer: Is there a flight to Santiago
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have several that suit your dates.. Your stay would be at the Una casa which is a 3-star hotel and includes free breakfast, wifi and parking, should you wish to rent a car and explore the surrounding areas.  The flight departs on August 15th and returns on the 20th.
Customer: can you compare the price of this and the one to the package in St. Loius
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The package to Santiago is $2455.37 as opposed to the package to Essen which would be $3016.94. Please keep in mind that the trip to Essen is a longer trip though.
Customer: and how much is the trip to Fukuoka and what are the dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): That package was $3794 based on economy class. It departed on August 15th with a return date of August 18th.
Customer: which of these have the best rated hotels?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): In Fukuoka, the hotel is a 3-star, in Essen you have the option of a 2-star at $3016.94 or a 3-star at $3073.16 and in Santiago the hotel has a 3-star rating.
Customer: it seems to me that the packages in Essen are the best offer. So what are the dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Are you interested in the 2-star option or the 3-star option?
Customer: the 3 star hotel seems to be the best how much would it be to book a business class flight?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): If you are looking for a business class flight, I only have one package that has the availability. It would be at the Motel Ivory which is the 2-star hotel and  is only available from August 26 to September 1st. The total price for that package is $3314.99.
Customer: If i were to choose economy class what would it be?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): At the 2-star Motel Ivory Safari, for your original departure date of August 15 it is $3016.94. At the 3-star Relaxation Hotel,  it is $3073.16.  Is Essen your final choice for the destination?
Customer: yes i believe it will be. lets book the 3 star hotel
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Fantastic. Let me get all your information so that we can finalize your reservation.
Customer: sounds perfect! thank you!

Conversation 36
Customer: Hey! You can help me by finding a trip to Philadelphia from Maceio.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): In Philadelphia you can stay at a 2.5 star hotel for 11 days. As for Fukuoka, 11 days at a 2.5 star hotel would cost 4719.74USD. I can offer 14 days in Essen for 3787.14USD; this would be at a 2.0 star hotel. 4 days at a 2.0 star hotel in San Antonio would cost 2311.48USD.
Customer: Let's start with Philadelphia, how much is it I upgrade to business class?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For this hotel in Philadelphia, it would cost 3340.56USD to travel from Maceio by business class.
Customer: And for a four star hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sorry, I only have 2.5 star hotels available in Philadelphia.
Customer: Let's see about Fukuoka upgraded to business class and a four star hotel.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a 3.5 star hotel available in Fukuoka, The Oceanside Hotel. It has a guest rating of 8.22/10. I could book you a business class trip for 11 days at 6228.88USD.
Customer: Is this hotel in the downtown area of the city?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I do not know the location of The Oceanside Hotel within the city of Fukuoka, sorry.
Customer: Is there a spa in the hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is no spa in the hotel, but there is free wifi.
Customer: I will keep this option in mind. How about Essen, do you have anything less than 14 days?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have a length of stay in mind?
Customer: Around 11 days.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sorry, I am only coming up with 14 day trips to Essen. Perhaps another nearby departure city would work?
Customer: Good idea. What about Canoas?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It seems that Canoas is not in my database.
Customer: What about porto alegre
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have multiple 5 day options available from Porto to Essen. 
Customer: I would prefer 11 days
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have a departure date in mind? Or an approximate departure date?
Customer: Anytime in the month of September
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately I only have 5 days options leaving from Porto available at this time.
Customer: In that case, let's go back to the Fukuoka 11 day package.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like me to explore your Fukuoka options leaving from Porto Alegre?
Customer: Yes please.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can offer 13 days in Fukuoka for 5777.48USD.
Customer: In that case, I will take the 11 day package. One more thing, is there free breakfast?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The 11 day trip to Fukuoka from Maceia is also during August. However, the Oceanside Hotel does provide free breakfast!
Customer:  I'll book this one. Thank you, friend!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great, thank you!

Conversation 37
Customer: Good afternoon. I'd like to book a business trip to New York from Mannheim. What can you offer?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Certainly. What date do you have business in Mannheim so that I can accommodate your schedule?
Customer: Dates are flexible, but I have a company budget of 3100 USD. I'd like to go either in August or September.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great. I have a 5 star hotel available for 2097.76USD.
Customer: how much will it cost?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The above price leaves August 17th and returns August 27th. To leave August 27th and return on September 6th, the price would be 2582.47USD.
Customer: What about leaving around September 13th?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You could leave September 16th and return September 26th for 2753.45USD.
Customer: I prefer the one leaving on August 17th. Is there free wifi?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Regal Resort has free wifi as well as a spa to relax at after your business meetings!
Customer: That sounds very nice. Does the package include a business class flight?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 2097.76USD is the cost for Economy flights. To upgrade to Business class would cost 2674.43USD. Would you like to book this trip with Business class flights?
Customer: Yes I would!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Perfect. You will depart from New York at 2:00 pm - Wednesday, August 17th 2016.
Customer: What is the time of arrival?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You will arrive in Mannheim at 10:16 pm - Wednesday, August 17th 2016.
Customer: Great! And the time at which I will be departing from Mannheim to return to nyc?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You will leave Mannheim at 8:00 am - Saturday, August 27th 2016 and arrive in New York at 4:16 pm - Saturday, August 27th 2016
Customer: Excellent. There is a possibility that I may need to bring a co-worker with me. How much would the trip cost for 2 people?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): To include a second person on this trip, with both of you flying business class, the cost would be 5348.87USD
Customer: I see. In that case I will book this trip only for myself today.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok. Have a good day
Customer: It was a pleasure! Thank you.

Conversation 38
Customer: I would like a vacation for one in Mannheim from August 17 to September 7. My city of departure is Porto Alegre. It should cost less than $3000.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I do not have a travel package to Mannheim from Porto Alegre for these travel dates.  I do however, have packages available from August 17th to the 29th.     Would these dates work for you?
Customer: How much would this package cost?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have two options.  The first option is a travel package which costs 2314.59 USD.  The second package costs 2981.83 USD.  Which one would you prefer?
Customer: If I increase my budget to $6000, does that open up any options from August 17 to September 7?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I still have only two packages available from August 17th to September 7th.  Would you like to try a different travel destination?
Customer: What other destinations can you offer me with these dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have no other destinations available for these dates.  Would you like to change the start date or the end date?
Customer: Are there packages for two-week trips within these dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have two possible packages for you.  Atlanta, United States, to Indianapolis, United States or Brasilia, Brazil to Vancouver, Canada.  Which would you prefer?
Customer: Are both of the packages to Porto still available if I bring my wife with me?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The only package which would be available would be Atlanta, United States to Vancouver, Canada.  I have two packages available for you: one for  $2182.70, and another for $2326.54.  Would you like me to describe these two packages for you?
Customer: Yes, please.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The first travel package is an Economy flight from Atlanta, United States to Vancouver, Canada at 6:00 p.m. on August 11th,  and an Economy flight from Vancouver, Canada to Atlanta, United States at 10:00 a.m on August 14th.  The cost of $2182.70 includes a 4 star hotel with a 8.8/10 rating.
Customer: What is the second package
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The second travel package is an Economy flight from Atlanta, United States to Vancouver, Canada at 6:00 p.m. on Friday, August 19th, and an Economy flight from Vancouver, Canada to Atlanta, United States at 10:00 a.m. on Monday, August 22nd.  The cost of $2326.54 includes a 4 star hotel with guest rating of 8.8/10.  Would you like to book this travel package?
Customer: I would like to book the first package to Vancouver

Conversation 39
Customer: Hi I am planning on booking a vacation soon, around August 27th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have an idea of where you would like to go?
Customer: I was thinking maybe St. Louis
Customer Service Agent (CSA): what city will you be departing from? Any other people travelling with you?
Customer: I will be departing from Tijuana. I'll be going solo
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have several options available. A good option would be Chateau Inn & Suites which is a nicely located 3-star hotel. Departure on an economy flight would be on August 27th, returning on Sept 5th.  Total cost for this package is $1324.29. It is also available in business class.
Customer: what type of packages would i get if i were to go to Mannheim instead?
Customer Service Agent (CSA):  If you would rather go to Mannheim, I have 6 day packages available at a 5-star hotel called The Regal Resort.
Customer: im looking for a longer trip, would there perhaps be one in san antonio?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have 9 day trips available in San Antonio but the departure dates are all in September. Are you able to go in September instead of August 27th?
Customer: yes i could as long as i return by September 17th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have departures available on September 1st, September 7th and September 8th.  I have two choices in hotels - the Vertex Inn or the Winter Hill Inn., both of which are rated two stars.
Customer: What would the duration be? and could I see some better rated hotels?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Availability is from Sept 1st to the 9th, Sept 7 to the 15th and Sept 8th to the 16th.  I do not have any hotels available with a better rating. Please do note that both hotels have free parking,  free breakfast and free wifi. Are you looking for a flight in economy class or business class?
Customer: they seem very accommodating, how much would this stay on the 1st be compared a vacation in mannheim at the regal resort?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): In economy or business class?
Customer: for business class
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For business class at the Vertex Inn in San Antonio Sept 7 to Sept 15th, the price is $1477.34.
Customer: in contrast to mannheim?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Also in business class in San Antonio, I have the Winter Hill either from Sept 1st to 9th or Sept 8th to the 16th at $1477.00.  Business class to the Regal in Mannheim is $3451.00 if you choose to go Aug 27 to Aug 31st and if you pick the week of Sept 6th to the 10th, it is $4249.00.
Customer: I think i would like to book the trip to mannheim, leaving on the 27th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Okay I will get all your information and we will proceed with the booking. We  appreciate your business.
Customer: thank you very much

Conversation 40
Customer: Hi! I hear Hogsmeade has some excellent bars. Can you book me a trip there from Diagon Alley, leaving on August 13th? For 7 men and women
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hi there! I am searching trips available to Hogsmeade but am unable to find any possibilities. Is there another destination you might be interested in?
Customer: Well, we were thinking Dominican Republic could be fun as well.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok. I will look for trips to Dominican Republic. Do you have another option for a departure city?
Customer: Yes, Vancouver.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! Where would you like to travel to?
Customer: Punta Cana is good!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great. I can book a trip for 7 people travelling from Vancouver to Punta Cana for 3853.27USD.
Customer: that's just a little over my budget... what about for 3 adults instead of 7?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For three adults, this trip would cost 1651.40USD.
Customer: The trip meant to be a bachelor party for my friend. is there an open bar at the hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I do not have this information for the El Mar hotel in Punta Cana.
Customer: How many stars is it?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 2.5 stars.
Customer: Let's try 4 stars.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I'm having trouble finding 4 star hotels in Punta Cana for you. Perhaps if you provided a departure and/or return date I could narrow things down?
Customer: End of August, anytime after the 22nd of August.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I am only able to find hotels with a 2.5 star rating in Punta Cana for that time. 
Customer: 2.5 stars will do. Can you offer any additional activities?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately I am not able to provide this information.
Customer: How about breakfast?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): El Mar does not provide breakfast.
Customer: Are there other hotels in the area that do?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I am unable to find other hotels in Punta Cana that offer free breakfast.
Customer: In that case I will book the first one for 1651. 40 USD.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! You will leave Vancouver at 10:00 am - Wednesday, August 24th.
Customer: When do we leave?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You will leave Vancouver at 10:00 am - Wednesday, August 24th.
Customer: leave Punta Cana?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You will leave Punta Cana at 4:00 am - Tuesday, August 30th.
Customer: Great! I'll book this one. Thank you
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! Thank you

Conversation 41
Customer: Hi!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): To start, just give me some information on where you'd like to travel, your budget, your point of departure, or any other travel info you can think of.
Customer: Ok great! I'm looking for a trip from August 19th to September 3rd, and I'm thinking of going to Mexico City. I would be departing from Busan.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I've got some options available for you. Will you be travelling alone?
Customer: Yes! For the first time.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! I have 5 days at a 3 star hotel available for 3259.79USD. What do you think?
Customer: That sounds nice. What is the name of the hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel is called Sublime Echo.
Customer: Does it have a view of the ocean?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I am not sure 
Customer: Great! Do you know if there is free wifi and breakfast?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is free parking and free wifi, but no free breakfast.
Customer: What are the departure dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would leave Busan at 7:00 am - Wednesday, August 24th and depart from Mexico City at 1:00 am - Saturday, August 27th. I also have a free breakfast hotel available for 4002.28USD which leaves Busan at 7:00 am - Saturday, August 27th.
Customer: The second option is how many days?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The second option is also 5 days.
Customer: I'll keep the second Mexico City option in mind. I have some other places that I'd like to consider.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! Where would you like to go?
Customer: What about Santo Domingo for the same dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can get you a hotel in Santo Domingo for 2446.15USD.
Customer: 5 days?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 9 days actually.
Customer: With free breakfast?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Free breakfast, wifi, and parking!
Customer: Amazing! This one is already looking better than Mexico City. What are the departure and arrival dates and times?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is a great deal! You would depart Busan at 11:00 am - Wednesday, August 24th and leave Santo Domingo at 1:00 am - Wednesday, August 31st.
Customer: That sounds great to me. I have two other cities that I'd like to consider. Let's start with Toronto. What can you get me for the same dates with free breakfast?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! I can get you 7 days in Toronto for 2732.81USD.
Customer: I like the sound of that. What are the departure and arrival dates and times for this one?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 9:00 am - Wednesday, August 17th you would leave Busan and arrive in Toronto at  9:04 pm of the same day. Your return trip would depart from Toronto at 1:00 am on Monday, August 22nd and arrive in Busan at 1:04 pm that day.
Customer: Excellent. Can you see what's available in Athens?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like to hear only options with free breakfast in Athens?
Customer: Yes please!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately I have nothing available in Athens with free breakfast within your date range. However, I can get you a hotel with free parking and wifi for 3998.37USD.
Customer: Not interested. Let's go back to the Toronto package. How many stars?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For the package priced at 2732.81USD in Toronto the hotel has a 4 star rating.
Customer: Does it have a spa?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is no spa.
Customer: I will still book the Toronto package. I can't wait!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! I will book that package for you. Enjoy!
Customer: Great thank you so much!

Conversation 42
Customer: We are 3 adults and three kids looking for a vacation between August 18 and September 4
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have several different flights to Vancouver, Canada during this travel period.  Would you like to leave on the 19th or the 27th?
Customer: How much does each option cost?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have two options available for you: one costs $4253.69 and the other costs $5295.89.  Which one would you prefer?
Customer: What kind of hotel is offered for each?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Both hotels are 4.0 star hotels with 8.8/10 ratings.
Customer: What kind of flight is offered for each?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): These are both Economy flights.
Customer: I can increase my budget by $200, does that open up any new options?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): No.  
Customer: Are there any other flights to Vancouver leaving  around the same time from another departure city?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How do you feel about Dallas?
Customer: I would like to depart from Baltimore
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You can only go to Toronto, Calgary, or Kingston Canada from Baltimore.  Which would you prefer? Do you have preferred travel dates?
Customer: Any time between August 18 and September 4.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can offer you a 2.5 star hotel with a guest rating of 6.37/10 or a 3.0 star hotel with a guest rating of 8.86/10.  Which would you prefer?
Customer: For which destination?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Kingston has the 2.5 star hotel and Toronto has the 3.0 star hotel.  Or I can offer you a 4.0 star hotel with a 0/10 rating if you would like to travel to Calgary.
Customer: How much does each of these packages cost?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Package number #1 to Kingston costs $6251.33 USD, Package number #2 to Toronto costs $5695.54, and Package number #3 to Calgary costs $6494.94 USD.
Customer: What class would I be flying in for each of these destinations?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): All three flights are Economy flights.  If you would like a Business Class flight, I can offer you one to Calgary.  The cost of this travel package would be $8666.20 USD.  Would you like more information on this option?
Customer: I would like to buy the Toronto package

Conversation 43
Customer: hi I’m looking to go on a trip to Caprica
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I apologize but we have nothing available to Caprica. Are there any other destinations that interest you?
Customer: It seems that that doesn’t work well for me as i need to go there. Thankos, bye 

Conversation 44
Customer: Hi! I'd like to go to Boston from Mos Eisley on August 15th.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hey there! I'm having trouble finding trips to Mos Eisley for that date. How about a trip to Vancouver instead?
Customer: Not Vancouver, anything for Porto Alegre?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure! I can book you 14 days in Porto Alegre, but you would leave August 18th. Is this ok?
Customer: What about if I leave from Rome instead of Mos Eisley?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you 6 days in Boston for 2390.12USD if you leave from Rome
Customer: Is departure on the 15th of August?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Departure is on August 27th for that price.
Customer: I need to leave on the 15th of August.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): When would you like to return?
Customer: I don't have a specific date in mind.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have another departure option?
Customer: nope.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sorry, I have no trips to Boston leaving from those destinations on August 15th.
Customer: What about Porto Alegre?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a trip to Porto Alegre that leaves from Rome on August 15th. It is 12 days long.
Customer: How much is it?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 3334.98USD or 3344.57USD depending on the hotel.
Customer: I should have mentioned earlier, we are 6 adults.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Oh! In that case, the cost ranges from 20009.92USD to 20067.46USD.
Customer: That's way too much! I have a budget of 3700 USD!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sorry, I cannot offer anything in Porto Alegre for 6 adults at that price.
Customer: Ok, thank you for your help, friend.

Conversation 45
Customer: Hi im looking to make a quick trip im from tampa and want to go to Dallas
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have any particular dates in mind?
Customer: not really
Customer Service Agent (CSA): for how long would you like to go for?
Customer: not sure yet
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a very reasonably priced 13 day package available at the Winter Arc hotel. You can travel either economy or business class.
Customer: that sounds nice what activities are at the hotel? Let's see what the price for economy is
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The package includes free breakfast and free wifi. How many will you be?
Customer: there will be 1 child and 7 adults
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have availability for that many people from August 15 to August 27th. The price in economy is $3822.00 and in business it is $4219.00. Does that work for you?
Customer: we would like the economy package please
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Perfect! The flight departs at 4:00pm on August 15 and the return flight is at 11:00am on August 27th.  We will go ahead and get that booked for you.
Customer: thank you very much sounds perfect!

Conversation 46
Customer: Hi im from Leon and looking to get away
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have a special destination in mind?
Customer: Maybe milan
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Any specific dates in mind?
Customer: august 18th. until september 2nd
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For Milan, I have a trip available departing on Aug 19 and returning on the 23rd. For Naples, I have a trip departing on August 19 and returning on August 25th.
Customer: what are the hotels like in these two places
Customer Service Agent (CSA): In Milan I have the Pink Star Hotel, which is a nice 4-star hotel with breakfast and wifi included. In Naples, I have the Courtyard resort with a 3-star rating and the Tower Hotel, which is a 4-star, both of which also include breakfast and wifi.
Customer: what are the price differences for the two 4 star hotels?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): will you be flying business class or economy?
Customer: let’s say for all packages in respect to business class
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For the 4-star Pink Star hotel in Milan, business class flight, 7 day  stay the price is $987.81. For the 4-star Tower Hotel in Naples, a 5 day stay is $838.33
Customer: seems like Naples is a little too expensive what packages are there in Hamburg?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): In Hamburg, in a 4-star hotel for a 10 day stay flying business class, I have the Traveller Inn at $1069.88 and the Vortex at $1098.63.
Customer: i would rather go to milan. i would like to take the package with the 4 stars
Customer Service Agent (CSA): So just to confirm, you will go with the Pink Star hotel in Milan from Friday August 16 until the 25th, business class at a price of $987.81, correct?
Customer: perfect lets book it. thank you!

Conversation 47
Customer: I'd like to go to Manaus from Miami between August 19th and September 2nd.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure! How many people are in your party?
Customer: Myself and two colleagues
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! I can book you 7 days in Manas for 5775.3USD. How does that sound?
Customer: That's great! What are the dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would leave Miami on Friday, August 19th and return on Wednesday, August 24th.
Customer: Excellent! For 3 people?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): That's right!
Customer: What amenities does the hotel have?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel offers free breakfast, wifi, and parking.
Customer: Perfect. I'd like to also compare the prices for a trip to Kobe between the same dates.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Absolutely! The three of you could spend 5 days in Kobe for 1735.50USD.
Customer: What are the departure and arrival dates and times?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would leave for Kobe at 8:00 am on Saturday, August 27th and arrive at 9:21 am  on the same day. Upon return, you would leave for Miami at 3:00 am on Wednesday, August 31st to arrive home that morning at 4:21 am.
Customer: Looking good so far. What amenities does this hotel have?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): This hotel has free breakfast and free wifi.
Customer: And how many stars?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel rating is 3 stars.
Customer: What about the hotel in Manas?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel in Manas is 2.5 stars.
Customer: The Kobe package is considerably less expensive, I'll go with that one.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! I will go ahead and book that for you.
Customer: Thank you!

Conversation 48
Customer: I am one person voyaging to Tampa. I can depart from Indianapolis. Must be between 20th and 31 August.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have a budget for this travel package?
Customer: No, and I have expensive taste
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Between the 20th and 31st of August, I have only travel packages to Vancouver, Canada.  You would leave on August 27th and return on August 30th.  I have one travel package at $3515.84, which would be five days at the Obsidian Gem Inn.
Customer: On second thought, I would like to go to Busan.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I just checked and it is not possible to travel to Busan from Indianapolis.  Would you like to depart from Calgary, Canada or Queenstown, New Zealand?
Customer: Would I be allowed to got with me and four colleagues?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Are they all adults?
Customer: Nevermind, I would like to depart from Queenstown

Conversation 49
Customer: Heyo!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hi! What can I do for you today?
Customer: I'd like to go to Seattle from Belem between August 27th and September 5th. What is available?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I've got a 3.5 star hotel available for 3171.58USD travelling on those dates!
Customer: That sounds good. What are my options if I leave from Belo Horizonte?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you the same hotel but returning on September 3rd if you leave from Belo Horizonte.
Customer: For how much?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): That would cost 3332.23USD.
Customer: Ok let me see, what about a trip to Paris leaving from Belem between the same dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I don't have anything available in Paris between those dates unfortunately.
Customer: What about Sao Paulo?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like to travel to or from Sao Paulo?
Customer: Travel to Sao Paulo.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you 6 days in Sao Paulo for 907.3USD if you leave from Belem.
Customer: Fantastic! And if I leave from Belo Horizonte?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can get you 4 days for 853.71USD if you leave from Belo Horizonte.
Customer: Ok. I choose the trip to Seattle from Belem. What are the arrival and departure dates and times?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great, the 3.5 star hotel for 3171.58USD?
Customer: Yes!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You will depart from Belem at 1:00 pm and arrive in Seattle at 11:59 pm on Saturday, August 27th. When leaving Seattle, you will depart at 4:00 am on Monday, September 5th and arrive back in Belem at 2:59 pm on that same day.
Customer: Excellent! Let's book this one.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! Consider it done.
Customer: Thanks, friend!

Conversation 50
Customer: Hi! I'm looking for a trip to Milan with two of my best friends for march break, what's available?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hi there! Where would you like to leave from?
Customer: From Cleveland between Wednesday August 17 and Saturday August 27!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you 8 days in Milan between those dates for 9031.87USD.
Customer: Oh no! My friends and I are on a budget of $5400!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Looks like I don't have anything available for that price.. are you flexible on dates perhaps?
Customer: What about Pittsburgh? It seems to be a trendy destination this year.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Pittsburgh eh? I can book you 9 days near the airport for 2952.62USD.
Customer: The airport isn't chic enough, do you have something else around there?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): What about Onyx Isle Hotel? 9 days there will run you 4219.24USD.
Customer: Do you have anything else?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! I could upgrade you to business class at the same hotel for 5203.45USD.
Customer: Eeeeeeeeeeee I love it! Ok, so how many stars is the hotel?!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel has a 3.5 star rating. Would you like to hear about its amenities?
Customer: Ooooo yes of course!!!!!!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Onyx Isle Hotel features free breakfast, parking, and free wifi
Customer: Perfect! Is there good shopping nearby?!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately I do not have any information about this.
Customer: Ok I'll send them a tweet! I'll book this one!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Terrific! I will book for you now.
Customer: I love you! Thanks so much!

Conversation 51
Customer: Hello there! Looking to get away between August 27th and August 30th! Can you help me?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have a destination in mind?
Customer: Not at the moment, but i am from Mexico City
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have several packages to Punta Cana, Dominican Republic available. How flexible are you with your dates?
Customer: Im thinking as long as we end before August 31st. What are the packages like in Punta Cana?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately I do not have any packages ending before August 31st. However I can offer you two packages which end on the 31st of August. Both feature a stay in La Estrella del Mar,  a 0.0 star hotel with a 0/10 guest rating. However you have the choice between flying business and economy, bringing your total to 292.21USD or 219.58USD, respectively.
Customer: 0 stars seems attracting! I think i will fly Economy for this cheap trip!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Wonderful, your trip has been booked!
Customer: amazing! thanks!

Conversation 52
Customer: Hi going on vacation with my Family can you help me book a vacation?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Where would you like to go?
Customer: We want to go to Atlanta
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How many people will you be?
Customer: in total the party will be 7 kids and 5 adults
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Can you please tell me where you will be departing from?
Customer: We’re in Santa cruz!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I am sorry but I have nothing available to Atlanta at the moment. However, I have packages available to Rosario and Buenos Aires.
Customer: Rosario seems like a nice place? what packages do we have there?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Well, can you please tell me your dates and the number of days you would like to spend there?
Customer: we have around $34300, depending on how good the deal is were willing to change it. At the moment we can go whenever
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have the Opportunity Suites available from August 27th to Aug 30th. You would all fly business class. The deal also includes Free wifi and free breakfast.
Customer: what options are there for Buenos Aires?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a few possible choices. Are you looking for a 3-star, 3.5-star or 4-star hotel package?
Customer: I am looking for a 4 and up star hotel
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have the Olive Market Hotel available in a 4-star rating. It includes free wifi, free breakfast and free parking. This is a 10 day package. Would you like to fly in economy or business class?
Customer: How much would that be for Business?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The price is $9647.3USD.  You would depart on August 24th  and return on September 2nd. Are those dates suitable for you and your party of 13?
Customer: yes that would work perfectly! :slightly_smiling_face: please book it
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I will go ahead and book that for you now.
Customer: Thank you

Conversation 53
Customer: Good morning.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Good day! How can I help you?
Customer: I'd like to book a trip to Rome for business purposes. What's available for departures from Calgary?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you 6 days in Rome from August 17-August 21 if you leave from Calgary.
Customer: That's a possibility, and what about between August 27 and September 12th?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How about August 27th-August 31st?
Customer: Excellent! For how much?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a 0.0 star hotel available for 1600.96USD.
Customer: I prefer 2 and above. I may also have a colleague travelling with me. What else can you offer?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is a 4.0 star hotel available for 1952.49USD. Will you be travelling alone?
Customer: As I mentioned seconds ago, I may have a colleague travelling with me.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How many people is this for again?
Customer: FOR TWO PEOPLE!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For two people at the Hotel Emerald Legacy the price is 3841.18USD.
Customer: I need free wifi, is this included?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): This place has free wifi as well as free breakfast!
Customer: Excellent! I will most probably book this one, but I would like to see about one more destination.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure! Where would you like to go?
Customer: To Paris. What can you offer around the same dates? Again, for two people.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book 2 people a trip to Paris from Calgary for 3164.38USD.
Customer: How many stars is the hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For that price you would stay in a 4.0 star hotel.
Customer: That is suitable. Is the wifi free?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is Wifi
Customer: Excellent. And what are the departure and arrival dates and times?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You will leave Calgary 12:00 pm August 30th and arrive in Paris 7:17 pm that evening.
Customer: Great, and for leaving Paris?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You will leave Paris at 3:00 am on September 7th and arrive in Calgary at 10:17am that morning.
Customer: I prefer the Hotel Emerald Legacy package. I will book this one.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok. I will book Hotel Emerald Legacy for August 27th-August 31st for two people.
Customer: Thank you. You can be sure that I will bring my business here again.

Conversation 54
Customer: I am from London and am looking to book a vacation package!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Certainly, I can offer you several packages for Denver, Calgary, Pittsburgh or Minneapolis, USA.
Customer: are there any that go to San Diego?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can offer you something to San Diego, USA.  You would be flying economy out of Phoenix, USA on the 15th of August and returning on the 20th of August. You would be staying at a 2-star hotel with a 6.51 out of 10 guest rating. Your total for this trip would be 588.49USD.
Customer: hmmm I can only leave from London, what are the best options in Denver?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can offer you a 5-day package to Denver for 340.29USD. You would by flying out of London, Canada and staying at the Oriental Resort, a 3.0-star hotel with a 0/10 guest rating.
Customer: let's see what we can do with something a bit further how about pittsburgh? what packages do we have there?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can offer you a 7-day stay in Pittsburgh Beginning August 17. You would be staying in a 2.5-star hotel with a 8.22/10 guest rating. This resort offers free parking, free wifi and free breakfast. Your total for this trip would be 433.92USD.
Customer: is there anything leaving a bit later
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes, I can offer you packages leaving on the 18th, 23rd, 24th or 27th of August.
Customer: anything after the 30th?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have several flights leaving on the 8th or the 12th of September.
Customer: when would they be returning?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): If you would like to fly out on the 8th you will be returning on the 14th. If you would like to fly out on the 12th you will be returning on the 18th.
Customer: can we book the one that returns on the 18th?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Actually I have several packages returning on the 18th. You can choose between a business and an economy flight and two hotels: The Sunny Wolf Inn & Suites, a 2.5-star hotel which has a 8.22/10 guest rating, or the Majestic Mountain Inn a 2.5-star hotel which has a which has a 6.91/10 guest rating. Both hotels include free parking, free wifi and free breakfast.
Customer: the sunny wolf seems to be a better place. how much would that be?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): With an economy flight your total comes to 706.97USD. With a business flight your total comes to 795.22USD.
Customer: can we book the economy flight?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Absolutely, your trip has been booked!
Customer: Thank you! Goodbye.

Conversation 55
Customer: I want to book a trip to Valencia!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): From what city would you like to depart from?
Customer: I think i will be leaving from lima!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a couple of packages available.  They are both 9 day packages in a 4-star or a 5-star hotel? Which would you prefer?
Customer: I want to have the time of my life, the more expensive, the better
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Since you want to have the time of your life, is it okay if we place you in business class? I have The Gold available, which is a 5-star property, from August 27th to September 3rd. Do those dates suit your schedule.
Customer: Business it will be! those dates seem to fit in, I have to be back by september 11th! how much would  trip like that come out to?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The total price is $4851.24USD. Would you like me to book this package?
Customer: not yet, i was wondering what other options would i have in Punto cana.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The packages we have available in Punta Cana are 4 days and in Mexico City we have 8 days packages available. Which would you prefer?
Customer: id rather the longer stay!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): would you prefer to depart on August 17th, August 24th or August 27th? I can then narrow down your choices for you.
Customer: id rather depart on the 27th of August!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): for the 27th of August, I have the Hotel Tropic available. The price on economy class is 1637.67USD and on business class is 2044.90USD. Which one would you like me to book?
Customer: what rating does this have
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It has a 3-star rating and included free breakfast and free wifi.
Customer: honestly this seems like  a semi memorable place, i think valencia would be my best bet
Customer Service Agent (CSA): So back to the The Gold, which was the 5-star property in Valencia. It was available from August 27th to September 3rd. The total cost for that package, flying business class was $4851.24USD. Should I go ahead and book that one then?
Customer: that seems to be just perfect! i can not wait! thank you so much im going to have the best time of my life!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is a very nice package. I am sure you will enjoy your stay in Valencia. I will go ahead and book that for you.
Customer: thank you

Conversation 56
Customer: Hi. I am in dire need of a vacation.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! Where would you like to leave from? I can look up the cheapest vacation options for you.
Customer: I'd like to go to Mannheim for 8 days leaving from Paris. I have September 1 to September 19th off. What is available? This time, money isn't a problem, I'm treating myself. I'm looking for luxury this vacation.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You can spend a luxurious 8 days in Mannheim at the Regal Resort for only 761.4USD! That includes round trip business class flights.
Customer: That's exactly what I'm looking for! I'd also like to compare for trips to Porto Alegre. What can you offer?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book 5 days at a 4.0 star hotel in Porto for 4898.49USD.
Customer: Anything with 5 stars?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I cannot find anything with 5 stars for Porto at that time.
Customer: Ok, can we take another look at the Mannheim package then?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Mannheim package includes free wifi and a spa in your hotel.
Customer: Oh my! And how many stars?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Regal Resort is 5.0 stars.
Customer: Absolutely perfect! What are the arrival and departure times?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You will depart Paris at 11 am on Tuesday, September 6th and arrive in Mannheim 12:18 the same day. For the return flight you will leave Mannheim at 5:00 am and arrive at 6:18 am on Tuesday September 13th.
Customer: Great, I'd like to book this one please.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure thing, consider it done!
Customer: Thank you!

Conversation 57
Customer: Hi. I need to book a vacation to Long Beach between August 25 and September 3. Departure is from Paris
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like to depart Paris on September 6th?
Customer: Preferably by the 3rd. Is there anything available?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sorry, looks like there is nothing available from Paris to Long Beach on September 3rd.
Customer: I'm not quite sure I understand, is there anything available leaving Long Beach to go to Paris between August 25 and September 3rd?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like to depart Paris on September 6th?
Customer: No. I would like to leave Long Beach around the 25th of August to go to Paris for some reason. What is so confusing about that!?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You can leave Long Beach, USA and go to Paris, France on Tuesday, August 30th. Will I book this?
Customer: Finally! No, don't book yet, I would like to know more about the hotel. Is there free breakfast?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is free wifi.
Customer: Look buddy, is there free breakfast or not? Tell me, am I gonna get eggs, toast, cereal, etc? You know? The good stuff?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is free wifi at the hotel. 
Customer: What is the price of this toastless package?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): This package costs 2191.55USD.
Customer: Is this the cheapest option?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes, this is the cheapest option from Long Beach to Paris.
Customer: And the hotel has how many stars?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Muse Hotel has 2.0 stars.
Customer: Ok I will book this one.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great. You will leave Paris on September 7th.
Customer: What do you mean?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You will depart from Paris at 3:00 am on Wednesday, September 7th.
Customer: I will not book this trip. Goodbye.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Thank you! Goodbye! 

Conversation 58
Customer: Hi! I'd like to do some vacation shopping!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure thing! That's what I'm here for! Where are you located?
Customer: I live in Campinas, and I'd like to travel from August 25 the September 7. Let's start by looking at Vancouver!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! You could spend 10 days in Vancouver for 3051.29USD.
Customer: Is there free breakfast, wifi or parking?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes- all three!
Customer: How many stars?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel has a 4.0 star rating !
Customer: Great! Now what about La Paz?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You can travel to La Paz from Campinas from August 27th to September 2nd.
Customer: I would like some details about this one, please. For how much and how many days?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You will spend 8 days in La Paz for 2758.9USD.
Customer: What amenities does the hotel have?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): This hotel has free wifi, free breakfast, and free parking.
Customer: Can we take a look at trips to Kyoto?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like to travel to Kyoto between August 25-30 or September 1-6?
Customer: Let's look at August 25 to 30th.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I could also do August 26-31, August 27-Sept 1, or August 30-September 4. Do any of those dates interest you?
Customer: Yes actually, I prefer August 27 to September 1.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! There is a 3 star hotel available for 8135.48USD for those dates.
Customer: Great! what are the options for August 26 to 31?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a different 3 star hotel for those dates at 5218.82USD.
Customer: Wow considerably cheaper! Can you tell me about the hotel's amenities?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): That hotel has free wifi and free breakfast.
Customer: Great! I also want to look at Puebla for the same dates.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book August 25-September 5 in Puebla for 2320.70USD.
Customer: The Puebla package is the cheapest, I'd like to know more about it. The hotel has how many stars?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure thing! The hotel is 4.0 stars.
Customer: I really like this package. Is there a spa?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): No spa unfortunately. :slightly_frowning_face: Would you like me to look into options in Puebla with a spa?
Customer: If you don't mind yes please!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sorry, there are no options available in Puebla with a spa.
Customer: That's ok, let's go back to the 4.0 star hotel. Is there free wifi and breakfast? I won't have a car, so I don't need free parking.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The 4.0 star hotel in Puebla has free wifi and free breakfast!
Customer: Great! What's the name of the hotel? I'd like to give them a call.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Absolutely! Los Campeones is the name.
Customer: The hotel is great. I will book this one please!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I will go ahead and book that for you.
Customer: Thanks!

Conversation 59
Customer: Hi i am planning my honeymoon for my wife and myself. I am looking for the best deal but it needs to be the best time! can you helo us?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Absolutely. Where would you like to go and from what city would you be departing?
Customer: we’re getting married in San Jose and we want to leave on August 27th. we have already spent so much on the wedding and only have $2700 to sepnd
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We do have a very nice package available with a departure date of August 27 to Montreal. This package includes free wifi, parking and breakfast and you would both fly on business class. The total cost of this package is within your budget at only $1156.55USD.
Customer: is anything a little warmer perhaps?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): From that city, I only have this package available. Are you able to leave from a different city?
Customer: `Honestly we cant but that package seems fine as long as we will be together what activities or options does this package have?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Your package includes free wifi, parking and complimentary breakfast every morning.
Customer: That sounds amazing thank you! and again how much will that be?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): If you fly business class, the total cost will be 1156.55USD. Should I go ahead and book that for you?
Customer: yes please that sounds amazing!

Conversation 60
Customer: Hey Im looking for a nice get away can you help me?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Definitely, how many people will you be traveling with?
Customer: just myself!  im from North Vancouver
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can offer you flights to San Juan, Montreal, Alexandria, Sydney, Cleveland or Seattle.
Customer: SEATTLE!  what options do we have there?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have one package for Seattle from the 27th of August to the 6th of September. You will be staying at the Fairyland, a 3.5-star hotel with a 0/10 guest rating, free wifi and free parking. This trip will total 569.14USD.
Customer: I have some specific dates due to my work i can only be gone from  August 15th until september 2nd
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have several Seattle packages for the 27th of August to the 6th of September. You have  a choice between the Fairyland or the Emerald, a 5-star hotel with a 8.8/10 guest rating and free parking. You also have a choice between a business flight or an economy flight.
Customer: is there any possibility of finding a package where i can be back on the 2nd?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately I do not have any packages matching those dates.
Customer: thats very upsetting seems like i just wont take a vacation. thanks anyways'

Conversation 61
Customer: The police are after me, and I need to leave Kobe between August 27 and September 2.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hi! I can help you with booking a trip from Kobe for your requested dates. Now, where would you like to go today?
Customer: Take me anywhere, but I only have $4600 cash.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you four days in Sapporo for 200.92USD!
Customer: Four days may not be long enough... what else do you have?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How about 6 days in San Jose for 2045.99USD?
Customer: That should be alright. Does the room have a safe?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): This four star hotel has free wifi, free parking, and free breakfast!
Customer: Perfect! So if I steal a car I can park it there! I'll have to call the hotel about the safe, what is the name of the hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It's the Tranquil Seaside Inn.
Customer: And free parking?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes! Tranquil Seaside Inn is the hotel I quoted for you before.
Customer: Oh yes ok. This one sounds good to me!

Conversation 62
Customer: Hi we're from Miami and we want to go to paris, can you help out?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Fore sure, how many people will you be traveling with?
Customer: 7 kids and 5 adults in this party
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have several options available, do you have a budget?
Customer: $27500 is my budget
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have several 8-day packages available to you. I can offer you a choice between 3 hotels: The Queen's Jungle Hotel, a 4-star hotel with a 8.69/10 guest rating; The Hotel Regal Universe, a 4.0-star hotel with a 9.16/10 guest rating; or the Autumn Treasure Hotel, a 4.0-star hotel with a 8.49/10 guest rating. All hotels offer free wifi and free breakfast.
Customer: what type of options do these hotels offer/
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Jungle has vacancies from August 17th-24th and from August 30th-September 6th. The Hotel Regal Universe has vacancies from August 18th-25th, August 25th- September 1st, and from September 1st-8th. The Autumn Treasure Hotel has a vacancy from the 19th-25th of August.
Customer: how much would it be for the two best rated ones?
Customer Service Agent (CSA):  I can offer the Jungle from the 17th-24th of August for 14,186.99USD. If you choose to upgrade to business from economy your total comes to 18,178.51USD. If you choose to stay at the Hotel Regal Universe your total cost will be 21,809.70USD, with flights for all dates being business class.
Customer: the most expensive one is still in my budget. can we book it?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Which dates would you like for your vacation: August 18th-25th, August 25th- September 1st, or September 1st-8th?
Customer: the one in August please
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Your trip has successfully been booked!
Customer: thank you!

Conversation 63
Customer: Hi im looking to go to Fukuoka

Conversation 64
Customer: Hello wozbot!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hey there! How can I help you?
Customer: My husband and I are recently married, we are looking for a honeymoon vacation.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Where were you thinking?
Customer: Perhaps Toronto. We are currently in Rome for business, we'd like to leave from here. We're looking at going from August 18 to August 29th.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok, great! Are you flexible on those dates by any chance?
Customer: Not very. The divorce is planned for August 30th.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I could book you August 24-August 29?
Customer: Yes please.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok, great! Would you like to know any more information before I book?
Customer: Yes of course! Is the hotel 5 stars?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel is 3 stars.
Customer: This is a very special time for us. I'd like to see what you have that's 5 stars please.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How about 4 stars from August 17 to August 22?
Customer: That is good. Is there a spa?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is no spa.
Customer: How about breakfast and wifi?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes - both are included for free!
Customer: Great! How much is this package with business class?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The package costs 4446.60USD with business class flights.
Customer: That sounds good. My husband loves Vancouver, can we take a look at some packages?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! Would you like to leave from Rome or Toronto?
Customer: From Rome please, and I have a preference for a hotel with a spa. If possible.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hmm.. I'm not seeing any Vancouver options with spas available :disappointed:
Customer: Any 5 star hotels?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I've only got 4 star hotels
Customer: In that case, how about Columbus?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The only dates I have available in Columbus are August 15-25.
Customer: Ok, what about Calgary? My new boyfriend lives there.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a 4 star available from August 17-August 21 in Calgary for 2 people.
Customer: Great! How much?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 3201.93USD.
Customer: Is there a spa?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sadly there is no spa :disappointed:
Customer: Are there any available that do have a spa?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Not in Calgary, sorry about that.
Customer: That's ok. My husband would probably prefer the Toronto package. Can you please give me the flight details?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Certainly! Would you like to fly economy or business class?
Customer: Business class!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You will leave Rome at 9:00 am on Wednesday, August 17th 2016 to arrive in Toronto at 4:07 pm on Wednesday, August 17th 2016.
Leaving Toronto, you flight departs at 1:00 am on Monday, August 22nd 2016 and arrives in Rome at 8:07 am - Monday, August 22nd 2016.
Customer: Perfect, lets go right ahead and book this one
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Consider it done!
Customer: Thank you wozbot, it was a pleasure dealing with you.

Conversation 65
Customer: Hi im going on SPRIINGGG BREAK! can you help me and my friends book a package?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For sure! How many of you will be travelling together?
Customer: me and my 3 best friends!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): And where will you be departing from?
Customer: we want to leave on the 16th were looking to go to San Juan
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Okay, but where from? From what city?
Customer: We’re leaving from Godric's Hollow
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have no flights leaving out of Godric's Hollow. If you are able to leave from Cleveland or Montreal, then I can send you to San Juan. 
Customer: we could leave from birmingham do you have anything from there?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): to San Juan?
Customer: if possible
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have no flights to San Juan from Birmingham   Are there any other places that you would like to travel to? I have packages to Japan from Birmingham.
Customer: what are the ones to japan like do they fit my budget?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I do not know what your budget is. Can you please tell me?
Customer: $2,200
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I am sorry, I made a mistake, I do not have direct flights from Birmingham to Japan either.
Customer: honestly it seems like nothing will work here! thanks!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sorry I wish I could have been of more help to you. Next time!

Conversation 66
Customer: Hi wozbot. I'd like to book a vacation for my 7 kids and myself.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Where would you all like to go?
Customer: I don't really have a preference for a destination, but I would like free breakfast. We would be leaving from Kingston for a vacation between August 19 and August 31.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I've got a hotel in Toronto available with free breakfast between August 24 and August 30?
Customer: That sounds nice. My husband requested I stick to a budget of $25600. What is the price of this package?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The price of the Toronto package for 1 adult and 7 children is 3148.9USD.
Customer: Do you have any packages with a longer stay that ends preferably by August 24?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How about La Paz, Bolivia from August 19-23?
Customer: Fantastic! How much is the trip?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 9416.57USD is the price for that one.
Customer: Great. Breakfast is included?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It certainly is 
Customer: Great lets book it!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You got it
Customer: Thank you wozbot!

Conversation 67
Customer: Hi im looking to book my Honeymoon
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can help you with that. Where are you looking to go?
Customer: We were thinking of Fortaleza
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok, sure thing. What would be your departure city of choice?
Customer: We will be leaving from Santos
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Perfect! I've got a couple of hotels available from August 17-23.
Customer: leaving on the 17th is perfect! what options do i have there?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok, leaving on the 17th I have two hotel options - both are 3.0 stars with free parking, wifi, and breakfast.
Customer: what are the price differences?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like to compare the packages with economy or business class flights?
Customer: yes please, is there a different price between hotels?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The first hotel would be 877.94USD with economy class flights and 1082.29USD with business class. The second hotel package costs 938.26USD with economy class flights and 1142.61USD for business class.
Customer: what options do you have in philadelphia, with the same dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately I have nothing available in Philadelphia, USA for those dates.
Customer: I think Fortaleza seems like a better destination can we book the cheapest option?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure! So you'd like to book the Fortaleza package for 877.94?
Customer: yes please! that would be wonderful
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Consider it done :slightly_smiling_face: Have a nice day.
Customer: thank you very much!

Conversation 68
Customer: Hi wozbot! I'd like to book a spring break vacation for myself and 3 of my best friends
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hello, from where would you like to leave? Do you have an idea of where you would like to go?
Customer: We'll be leaving from Goiania. Rosario is the place to be this year! Our spring break starts on August 28 and ends on September 4, can you find us something between those dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I am sorry but I have no packages to Rosario on those dates. Are there any other destinations you would like to go to
Customer: Is there anything in between? Not necessarily for the whole length of the break?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): To Punta Cana, all the flights from Goiania depart on August 17th. For Rosario, I have nothing before September 6th. Would you like me to check other destinations
Customer: No, everything's ruined now. Thanks though.

Conversation 69
Customer: Hi im planning my Spring break can you help me find the best deals?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Of course! How many people will you be traveling with?
Customer: my three best friends and myself
Customer Service Agent (CSA): And which city will you be departing from?
Customer: we are in Montreal
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have a destination in mind? I can offer you packages for Seattle, Montreal, San Juan, San Francisco or Sydney.
Customer: Calgary seems fun! we want to leave between the 19th and 31st of august
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Are you traveling on a budget?
Customer: I will be, around $4700
Customer Service Agent (CSA): In that case, I can book you a package for Calgary for the 27th-30th of August. You will be staying at the Amusement. It is a four-star hotel with a 0/10 guest rating, free wifi and free parking. You will be flying economy. The total cost of this package will be 4235.61USD. Would you like me to book this package?
Customer: are there any flights with Business class?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The total cost will be 5651.86USD. Would you like me to book this package?
Customer: then nevermind lets book the one within my budget!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Your trip has successfully been booked! Thank you for using our sevice!
Customer: Thank you

Conversation 70
Customer: Hi 7 colleagues and i are planning on going on a trip can you help?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Where are you leaving from?
Customer: we can leave from Birmingham
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! Did you have a date and destination in mind, or would you like to hear your cheapest options?
Customer: there is no budget at the moment. We are planning on going to paris
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sounds good - I've got a hotel in Paris from August 17-26
Customer: We need to find a vacation between August 26th and September 15th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would August 30-September 8 work?
Customer: yes it would!!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! I have the Queen's Jungle Hotel available for those dates.
Customer: what type of rating does it have
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel has a 4 star rating.
Customer: how much would that be?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For 8 adults at the Queen's Jungle Hotel from August 26-Sept 15 the cost would be 15570.5USD. 
Customer: this sounds perfect!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! Shall I go ahead and book that for you?
Customer: yes please

Conversation 71
Customer: Hi wozbot! My husband and I are recently married and madly in love. We're looking for a fantastic honeymoon vacation. We live in Mannheim and we'd like to go to Kyoto for 6 days leaving on August 19. What can you do for me?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hello,  I have perfect packages available for you that are 5 days in length flying from Mannheim to Kyoto, but none depart on the 19th. Are you a bit flexible with your dates?
Customer: What's available closest to the 19th?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The closest one would be on August 25th returning on the 28th. You would stay at the Glorious Bazaar Resort, which is a 3-star hotel that includes breakfast and wifi. I have both economy class and business class available.
Customer: This one sounds interesting, but I'd really like a vacation of 6 days, preferably leaving on the 19th of August. Can we take a look at Osaka?

Conversation 72
Customer: hi im from Coruscant looking to go to atlantis
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hey there! I'm unable to come up with anything for those locations, how about a trip from Cleveland to San Juan?
Customer: i can leave from Kakariko Village does that work?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Kakariko Village eh? I'm having trouble finding that location. 
Customer: im gonna go now, thanks anyway
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Thank you for using this service.

Conversation 73
Customer: HI im from Punta Cana can you help me find a vacation
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Of course! How many people will you be traveling with?
Customer: just by myself
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have a budget in mind for this trip?
Customer: not at the moment but im looking for the best deal
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can offer you deals on any of the following destinations: Mexico City, Alexandria, Chicago, Atlanta or Dallas.
Customer: is there anything to mannheim?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes there is!  For Mannheim, I have a package for the 17th-21st of August. You would be flying economy and staying at the Regal resort, a 5-star hotel with a a 8.98/10 guest rating. This resort even features a spa for guests to use. The total for this trip would be 2366.49USD.
Customer: amazing glad to know and opposed to Mexico City what does the price look like
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The best deal I can offer you for Mexico City is 507.18USD for 5 days. You would be departing the 17th of August and returning the 21st, flying economy both ways.  You would be staying at Hotel Tropic, a 3.0-star hotel with a guest rating of 6.77/10.
Customer: is there anything leaving on the 19th?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can send you to Vancouver on the 19th, with a package that includes a highly-rated 4-star hotel, for 1072.44 USD. I unfortunately don't have any packages leaving for Mexico City on the 19th, however if the 17th is too early for you I can book you a trip from the 24st to the 28th of August and put you up at the Hotel Tropic, for a total of 507.18USD.  For Mannheim, the nearest date I could book you for your flight would be the 27th of August, with a return trip on the 31st. You would be staying at the Regal Resort, a highly-rated 5-star hotel, for a total of 2366.49USD.
Customer: regal resort seems great! ca we upgrade that flight?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes I can! That brings your total to 3033.22USD. Do you want me to book this trip?
Customer: yes please do!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Done! Your flight leaves at 8:00 a.m. on Saturday, August 27. Thank you for using our service!
Customer: Thanks you!

Conversation 74
Customer: I want to get away for a bit! im from Houston
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can help you with that! Would you be interested in travelling to Calgary or Denver? I have great deals available!
Customer: OH i've never been to the north pole! what is Calgary like?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There are cheap hotels available with free wifi and free parking in Calgary! Would you like me to search for trips to North Pole?
Customer: I thought calgary was there! what do the prices look like?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a 4 star hotel available for 12 days in Calgary at a cost of 228.28USD. How does this sound?
Customer: what type of flight is that?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is a direct economy class flight leaving from Houston at 3pm August 17.
Customer: that seems like it could be a great possibility what about Denver
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You can book 11 days at a 3 star hotel in Denver for 259.65USD.
Customer: seems like calgary is cheaper. what dates are they? can we book that?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure thing! I will book the trip to Calgary for you - the trip dates are from August 17 to August 28.
Customer: sounds amazing! lets do it!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You're booked!

Conversation 75
Customer: I live in Toronto, can we se what packages are available in Cairo from August 17 to September 7?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have no flights on those dates going from Toronto to Cairo. Are you able to fly out of Fort Lauderdale, Alexandria or Boston instead? Or can we look at other destinations?
Customer: Lets take a look at Pittsburgh as a destination!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would have to fly out of St. Petersburg or Burlington. Any other destination we could consider? Do you have a budget?
Customer: How about Leon?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We have no flights out of Toronto at all. Are you able to leave from another city?
Customer: Can you tell me where the nearest city with available flights is?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I am sorry, I have no packages available in Leon.
Customer: What about flights to La Paz from Toronto?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Did you have a budget in mind?
Customer: Not for this trip, my future child deserves the very best!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Regrettably, the only packages available for La Paz are out of Tijuana or Puebla.
Customer: I have business in Calgary around those dates, what say I leave from Calgary, could I get a trip somewhere?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): As a matter of fact, I have the Echo, which is a nice 4 star property available in La Paz from August 19th to August 24th, with a direct flight from Calgary. Is this something that could work for you?
Customer: That is excellent! Can you tell me more about this hotel? Does it include breakfast and free wifi? Or a spa perhaps?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Echo includes free wifi, free breakfast and free parking should you want to rent a car during your stay.  I have both economy class or business class available. Would you like me to provide you with some pricing?
Customer: Yes, thank you. I prefer business class for this trip.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The total cost of your package based on a business class flight will be $1415.48USD.  Would you like me to go ahead and book that for you?
Customer: What a deal! Yes please do.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Thank you and have a very pleasant day.
Customer: Thank you, I was great dealing with you!

Conversation 76
Customer: Hi i need a 5 day get away!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): SUre thing! Where are you leaving from?
Customer: Im leaving from Queenstown
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! How about 5 days in Milan?
Customer: I really want to go to Sao Paulo is there anything there?
Customer Service Agent (CSA):  could you give me an estimated date of departure?
Customer: August 17, 2016 to Wednesday, August 31, 2016 are the dates i could be gone
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! I've got August 17-August 20 in Sao Paulo ?
Customer: that looks great. what are the hotels like?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! I've got 2 or 3 star hotels available.
Customer: how much for the 3 star
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 5 days at the 3 star hotel would cost 2289.59USD.
Customer: can we go ahed and book that?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We sure can!
Customer: thanks!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): My pleasure :smile:

Conversation 77
Customer: HI there! my family and i are looking to go to Burlington
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can certainly help you with that! How many of you will be travelling?
Customer: 1 child and 6 adults
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! Where would you like to leave from?
Customer: Campinnas
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like to spend August 17-August 24 in Burlington? I have flights and a hotel available for 9610.39USD.
Customer: ya sure that sounds great! and how much would that be for business?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): To upgrade that package to Business class would total 12376.71USD.
Customer: Let's book it! too good of a deal!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure thing :slightly_smiling_face: Enjoy your stay!
Customer: thank you!

Conversation 78
Customer: Hi im looking to book  trip. anything leaving from Kakariko Village?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can certainly help you book a trip! However, I have no outgoing flights from Kakariko Village. How about another departure city nearby?
Customer: termina perhaps?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Oh dear.. it seems I have nothing from Termina.. Maybe you could tell me a destination instead?
Customer: Anything going to Caprica

Conversation 79
Customer: Good afternoon, my man! I'd like to plan a honeymoon in Naples for 5 days leaving from Madrid on August 17. What is available?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hello, I can accommodate your request for a 5 day stay in Naples for 2 adults flying from Madrid direct, but I only have availability from August 19 to the 23 or from August 24th to 28th.  Are you able to work withing those dates?
Customer: August 19 to the 23rd would be perfect. Can you tell me about the hotel's amenities?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would stay at the beautiful Courtyard resort, which has a three star rating. Breakfast and wifi are included. The price for this package is $1975.62USD for your 5 day stay.
Customer: Wonderful! Can you provide me with the flight times?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Madrid to Naples departing at 8:00 am - Friday, August 19th 2016 to 10:21 am - Friday, August 19th 2016 and your return flight would be at 4:00 am - Tuesday, August 23rd 2016 to 6:21 am - Tuesday, August 23rd 2016 from Naples to Madrid. If these flight times are suitable, should we go ahead and book?
Customer: Yes lets do that.

Conversation 80
Customer: Hi i want to plan my honeymoon to rome
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! How long would you like to go?
Customer: 6 days
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I've got great prices for 6 days packages leaving from Essen!
Customer: any leaving from San Diego?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hmm.. all my packages from San Diego are only 5 days. Is that ok?
Customer: ya that sounds fine!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! How many stars would you like your hotel to be?
Customer: i have a maximum budget of $3900
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I've got a couple of 4.0 stars available for your budget.
Customer: what are they like?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): They have free breakfast and free wifi!
Customer: that sounds amazing thats what i like! how much will they be?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! Prices range from 4366.90USD to 5619.22USD for a four star hotel package.
Customer: they seem to be a little over my budget anything a little less maybe economy class flight?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a 0.0 star hotel package available for 3663.85USD.
Customer: honestly that would work better :slightly_smiling_face:
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! Shall I go ahead and book that for you?
Customer: yes please!

Conversation 81
Customer: Hi im from Houston and i want to go to San Antonio, but i have strict dates can you help?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure thing! What days are you hoping to travel?
Customer: August 25th until September 11th are the days im available
Customer Service Agent (CSA): And will you be traveling with anyone?
Customer: ill be alone
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Well, let me tell you about the best deal I've found: The Vertex Inn is a 2-star hotel with a 7.15/10 guest rating, free wifi, free parking and free breakfast. They have a vacancy from the 7th to the 10th of September. You would be flying business class, bringing your total to 516.9 USD. Do you want me to book this trip?
Customer: that sounds very tempting! are there any packaged available to mexico?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can send you to Mexico City from the 27th of August to the 6th of September. You would be staying at the Hotel Tropic, a 3.0-star hotel with a 6.77/10 guest rating. The total cost of this package is 1148.31USD. Do you want me to book this trip
Customer: yes please it looks like Mexico is the better choice
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Done! Your flight leaves on Saturday, August 27th at 5:05 p.m. Enjoy your vacation!
Customer: perfect! thank you

Conversation 82
Customer: Hi im from Los Angeles. looking for a good vacation
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Cool! Where would you like to go?
Customer: im not sure to be honest
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 10 days in Punta Cana will run you about 660, whereas Rome is around 1500.
Customer: what about san francisco?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I haven't got any packages out of Los Angeles travelling to San Francisco unfortunately.
Customer: how about vancouver?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You can do 12 days in Vancouver for 761.48USD.
Customer: how long would the stay in Rome be?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Rome is 10 days.
Customer: i think i might have to go with Rome
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have several 4 star hotels available as well as one 1 star hotel.
Customer: can i see the options for the 4 star hotels?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure! There's the Hotel Grand Residence, Hotel Emerald Legacy, or The Double Pastures.
Customer: all have wifi?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): They do; all three have free breakfast and wifi!
Customer: perfect! book me the cheapest one please
Customer Service Agent (CSA): OK, that would be the Hotel Grand Residence for 1806.15USD. Sound good, or would you like to upgrade your flights to business class for a total of 2308.43USD?
Customer: please upgrade it! and thank you!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure thing! Consider it booked :slightly_smiling_face:
Customer: thx
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Have a good day, and thanks for coming by!

Conversation 83
Customer: I have 11 days of time off starting on August 17. Can you offer me any vacation packages leaving from Portland?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hi, would you have a budget in mind for this trip?
Customer: No, I've recently inherited a gigantic sum of money.  I prefer 4 stars and above, as well as free breakfast if possible, please.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you have a special destination in mind? We will definitely look at luxury hotels that are only a 4 star or more rating.
Customer: No particular destination in mind, I'm just looking for an adventure. How about Paris to start?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have the Muse available for 12 days but that is only a 2 star hotel.  However, I do have some suggestions. I have some excellent options available during that time period. A nice 4 star hotel in Calgary, Canada, another nice 4 star hotel in Marseille or a 4.5 star hotel in Frankfurt, Germany all with direct flights from Portland. Do any of these cities interest you?
Customer: The Marseille and Germany packages are very attractive. I'd like to know more about hotel in the Marseille package. Is breakfast included?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Hotel Duchesse in Marseille is a 4 star hotel which provides you with free wifi, but breakfast is not included in the price. It is available from Sunday August 21st to Sunday August 28th. I forgot to ask, will you be travelling alone or with a companion?
Customer: I will be travelling alone. How much is this package?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): This package on an economy flight is worth a total of $3049.54USD. Are you interested in booking it?
Customer: I am, but first I'd like to see what the price is with an upgrade to business class, and perhaps compare this package to the Germany deal.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There are no longer business class seats available for this particular package to Marseille. The Mellow Palms Resort in Frankfurt is a 10 day package available from Aug 19 to Aug 27 and includes free wifi and  free breakfast and has a 4.5 star rating. The total cost on this package, also based on an economy class flight is $3091.3USD.
Customer: Is it possible to upgrade the Frankfurt flight to business class?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): This package is also only available with an economy class seat.
Customer: That's fine. I will book the 10 day Germany Mellow Palms Resort vacation package.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I will get that all booked up for you and send you an email confirmation.
Customer: Great, thank you. I will most certainly book my next vacation with you.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Enjoy your trip!

Conversation 84
Customer: Hi im travelling from Nagoya. i would like to go on vacation on August 26th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hello! Do you have any destinations in mind?
Customer: Busan
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Will you be accompanied by anyone on this trip?
Customer: just myself for now
Customer Service Agent (CSA): One last question: Do you have a budget for this trip?
Customer: not at the moment
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you a stay at the Lethargy Hotel for 7 days, flying out on the 1st of September. The cost of this package would be 398.99USD. Do you want me to book this trip?
Customer: are there any other packages in Sacramento?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can offer you a 12-day package in Sacramento with a departure date of September 4th. The total cost of this package is 3052.40USD. Do you want me to book this package?
Customer: sacramento is a little pricey i would like the trip to busan pflying on the 1st
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Done! Your flight leaves Thursday, September 1st at 10:52 a.m. Enjoy your stay!
Customer: thanks a lot!

Conversation 85
Customer: Hi! I have a $3300 budget and am looking for a vacation
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can help you with that! From where would you depart?
Customer: Im leaving from miami on August 25th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How about 8 days in Seattle for 481.66USD?
Customer: that sound amazing! what type of hotel is that?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel is 3.5 stars and only 8 minutes away from Seattle
Customer: thats amazing! are there any other destinations available?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have lots! Do you have a preference?
Customer: maybe somewhere warm and somewhere that i could be back by August 29th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have trips to Long Beach for August 25-August 30?
Customer: how about naples?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I haven't got any trips to Naples within your budget. I have something available for 3421.98USD though if you would be interested?
Customer: i cant. I think the vacation to seattle seems most appropriate
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure! So, 8 days for 481.66? Is that the option you would like to go with?
Customer: you got it!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Perfect! I will go ahead and book that for you.
Customer: thanks!

Conversation 86
Customer: Hi im looking to go on a trip to baltimore
Customer Service Agent (CSA): What city will you be departing from?
Customer: Im from Las Vegas!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Let me know how this sounds: 10 days at Baltimore 's Countryside Resort starting August 18.
Customer: im looking to leave on August 25th, do you have anything around there?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I could book you 10 days in Baltimore leaving on the 25th.
Customer: 10 days in baltimore seem perfect! can you tell me about the hotels?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The only available hotel is the Countryside Resort. It is a 3-star hotel with a 7.06/10 guest rating, free wifi, free parking and free breakfast. Do you want me to book this trip?
Customer: ya for sure!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Booked! Your flight leaves Thursday, August 18th at 5:13 p.m. Enjoy your stay!
Customer: thank you so much

Conversation 87
Customer: My name is Gary Peter and I'd like to book a trip to Diagon Alley from Godric's Hollow on August 13th.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hi! I am sorry but neither of those cities appear in my system. Do you a major city near you that you could depart from? Are you interested in any other destinations?
Customer: That is unfortunate. Although I suppose I am just a fictional character. Thank you and goodbye!

Conversation 88
Customer: Hi! My 3 best friends and I are looking for a trip to Neverland between August 16 and 19 on a very tight budget of $3500. What can you do for us?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hello. Are you totally set on Neverland or do you have any other possible places you would like to visit?
Customer: Sorry, my mistake. we are leaving from Neverland and would like to go to Leon.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): If you could leave out of Santiago or Valencia, I may have something available in Leon. Is that a possibility?
Customer: Sure, why not! Lets see what's available.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Out of Valencia?
Customer: Our friend The Amazing Peter can take us anywhere, Valencia Spain would be the most convenient.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): From August 17 to the 23rd, I have a beautiful 5 star property called El Hotel Del Mar available for a 7 day stay. Are you able to stay until the 23rd?
Customer: I'll have to check with my 3 best friends. How much is the package?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It's well within your budget at $1739.33USD.  
Customer: August 17 to the 23rd works for everyone, even Peter Pan, who will take us to the airport. Is breakfast included?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Awesome. I will take care of confirming the booking for you right away.
Customer: Thank you very much!

Conversation 89
Customer: Hi im from Barkcelona, looking for a trip!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hi there! Will you be traveling alone this time?
Customer: i will be travelling alone
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately I don't have any flights leaving Barkcelona, however there is a flight leaving from Cleveland for San Juan on the 17th of August. You would be staying for 8 days. How does that sound?
Customer: i was thinking of going to Santo domingo are there any flights from Barkcelona?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately there are no flights from Barkcelona to Santo Domingo. However, there is a flight from Punta Cana to Santo Domingo on the 27th of August, with a return flight on the 31st.
Customer: i need to leave from Barkcelona i dont think this will work out thank you tho!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Thank you too! We hope to hear from you in the future!

Conversation 90
Customer: hi i want to go on vacation i leave from cancun
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! Where would you like to go?
Customer: im thinking of Santos
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure thing! Any dates in mind?
Customer: i want to leave on the 15th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The 15th of August? I can do that for you.
Customer: perfect!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a trip available from August 15-August 26. Does this work for you?
Customer: yes it does! what type of hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! The hotel I've found for you has a 4 star rating.
Customer: very nice! whats the pricing like?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The price for that package would be 2877.68USD.
Customer: and how much if i were to go to pittsborgh?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You could fly from Cancun to Pittsburgh and spend 12 days for a cost of 1075.60USD.
Customer: which hotel is better?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel in Santos has a 3.0 rating while the hotel in Pittsburgh has a 2.5 star rating.
Customer: and what are the classes of the flights?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The price I've given you is for economy class.
Customer: i think i would prefer to go to Santos
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok, great! Would you like to book the package I've quoted you for to Santos?
Customer: yes please! thanks!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Consider it done :slightly_smiling_face: Thank you for travelling!
Customer: thanks you!

Conversation 91
Customer: Hi im taking the family on a trip to Manaus is that possible with a budget of $3900
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hey there! Where would you like to leave from?
Customer: i would like to leave from salvador
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! How many people are in your family?
Customer: 3 kids seven adults
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Could you travel from August 19 to the 27th?
Customer: ya sure the dates are flexible
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! I have packages from August 19th to August 24th or from August 27th to September 1st.
Customer: the one on the 27th looks good! what the price look like?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! The price for that is 3263.60USD
Customer: perfect let’s book it!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure thing :smile: I will book that for you right away!
Customer: thank you!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): My pleasure

Conversation 92
Customer: Hi looking for a vacation to hamburg
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hello! Where will you be departing from?
Customer: Ill be departing from san jose
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a package for an 11-day stay in Hamburg from August 18 to August 27. The total cost of this package is 2373.14 USD.
Customer: sounds good! what is the hotel like?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You will be staying at the Hotel Peter, a 3-star hotel with a 0/10 guest rating, free wifi, free parking and free breakfast. Do you want me to book this trip?
Customer: sounds good! please book it!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Your trip has been booked! Your flight leaves on Saturday, August 18th at 10:13 p.m. Enjoy your stay!
Customer: thanks!

Conversation 93
Customer: Hello, I'd like to book a trip to Mos Eisley from Hogsmeade on August 13.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hello, the origin and destination do not show up in our system. Are there any other destinations you are interested in?  When will you be travelling?
Customer: I'd consider travelling to Coruscant with 12 adults on a budget of $2900, leaving on August 13 from Hogsmeade.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I apologize, but I cannot accommodate this request either.
Customer: That is very unfortunate. Thank you.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Thank you and sorry we let you down.

Conversation 94
Customer: Hi! I'd like to plan my honeymoon, but I've spent way too much on my wedding and need to stick to a budget of $4600. Can you offer anything to Marseille for 5 days leaving from Salvador on August 17?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I dont have anything for your budget or start date
Customer: I'm afraid that I really need to stick to my budget. Can you look up packages for Rome?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have the perfect package for you! It is at the Secret Bay in Rome, with a flight leaving on the 17th and returning on the 20th, The total cost on this package is $4517.97USD.
Customer: That is excellent. The hotel is how many stars? Is there a spa?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is a 0 star hotel but it includes free breakfast and wifi. Unfortunately, it does not have a spa.
Customer: Holy moly! That is not a good way to start a marriage! Do you have any other packages?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Not in Rome.  Do you want me to look at other destinations?
Customer: Let's go back to the Marseille deals, and I will reconsider my budget and dates.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The most economical deal we have at the moment in Marseille from Salvador is  $5203.99USD in a 4 star hotel which includes free wifi. It is available from August 21st to August 24th.
Customer: Great, I'd like to book this one please!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Perfect, I will take down all your details and send you the confirmation. Enjoy your stay in Marseille!
Customer: Thank you!

Conversation 95
Customer: Hi im fro termina and i want to go on vacation on August 13th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Where would you like to go?
Customer: Im looking to go to Kakariko Village
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sorry, I can't find those locations in my database. Is there another place you could depart from?
Customer: I could leave from Birmingham
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! Any other destination in mind?
Customer: not at the moment let's see what is available
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I've got trips available to Calgary, Denver, Burlington, Sacramento, and Phoenix - all for under 500USD. Any interest in exploring these options?
Customer: potentially which of these places have the best hotel for 5 people
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 5 adults?
Customer: yessir!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Okie doke! I have 4 star hotels in Calgary, 3 stars in Denver, 2.5 in Burlington 2.5 in Phoenix, and 2 stars in Sacramento.
Customer: to stay in Calgary how much would it be?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 5 people could spend 8 days in Calgary for 795.80USD.
Customer: queenstown maybe
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a 5 star hotel in Queenstown for 5 people for 13047.90USD.
Customer: that would work what is it called/
Customer Service Agent (CSA): That hotel is called the Illustrious Pool Hotel.
Customer: that seems perfect! what dates would that be/\?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): August 26-September 1.
Customer: anything closer to august 13th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have the same hotel for 15395.73USD if you leave on August 15
Customer: and when would it return?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would return on August 21.
Customer: if i wanted to be back by the 16th when could i return?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would like to travel from August 13-16?
Customer: yes please!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sorry, I don't have anything available in Queenstown for those dates.
Customer: what is available for those dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can't find anything in my database for those dates.
Customer: okay well i guess ill try another time then

Conversation 96
Customer: Hi i am looking to go to Punta Cana with my three friends
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hi there! What city will you be departing from?
Customer: hi I will be departing from Gotham city
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can't seem to find any flights to Punta Cana out of Gotham City. There is a package for an 8-day stay in Punta Cana starting on the 24th of August. Your city of departure would be Melbourne, USA.
Customer: I could leave from Melbourne USA. any packages in La Paz?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can't seem to find any flights to La Paz.
Customer: i guess punta cana will do!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Excellent! I can book a stay for you and your friends at the El Mar from the 24th to the 31st of August. The cost of this package is 656.60USD. Do you want me to book it.
Customer: that would be amazing let’s do it
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Your trip has been booked! Enjoy your stay!
Customer: thank you!

Conversation 97
Customer: Hello, I'd like to go to Birmingham for 7 days on my honeymoon, leaving from Denver on August 18. What can you offer?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I don't have any packages available in Birmingham, but I do have other options travelling out of Denver. 
Customer: Great. Is Phoenix in the list of other options?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Actually, I just found something available in Birmingham but it is only available on August 30th. Do you want more details on it?
Customer: Yes I would please!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is a 7 day package at the The Emerald, a 4 star hotel with free wifi. The price on this package is $1242.7USD.
Customer: This sounds like a great package, although I would like to compare it to a trip to Phoenix. What is available?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have 2.5 star and 3 star packages available in Phoenix from August 27 to September 1st.  I have both economy and business class seats left.
Customer: Is there anything closer to the 18th of August to Phoenix?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): No there is not, those packages are sold out.
Customer: What is the price of the 3 star hotel in Phoenix from August 27 to September 1st?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Recreation Inn, a 3 star property, is $1832.8USD based on an economy class ticket. If you want a business class ticket, the price is $1832.8USD.
Customer: And what is the price of the 2.5 star hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Economy or business?
Customer: Economy. I am trying to stay within a budget of $1000.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It's a bit higher than your budget at $1849.57USD.  The trip to Birmingham was $1242.70USD so that was closer to your budget and that is in a 4 star property.
Customer: Is there anything available in Birmingham cheaper than $1242.70?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): No but I have deals out of Denver  available on August 24th to Toronto and August 27 to Calgary for under $1000.
Customer: These are not destinations that I would like to go to. Thank you very much for your time, but, goodbye.

Conversation 98
Customer: Hi im from neverland! and i want to go to Mos eisley
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hello! I can't seem to find any flights to Mos Eisley, do you have another destination in mind?
Customer: Maybe Rio de Janeiro?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How about an 8-day stay for one at the Hotel Fernando Ribero in Rio de Janeiro? Your flight would leave on Wednesday, August 17 at 10:38 a.m. Do you want me to book this package?
Customer: and that leaves from neverland?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately I can't find any flights leaving Neverland. Your flight would leave from Salvador, Brazil.
Customer: and if i were to go to alexandria?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you a six-day stay at the Western Landscape Inn & Suites from the 17th to the 22nd of August. Your flight would leave from Boston.
Customer: what is the rating of that?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is a 2.5-star hotel with a 0/10 guest rating.
Customer: can we book it?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Definitely! Your flight leaves August 17th, 2016 at at 9:00 a.m. Enjoy your stay!
Customer: thank you!

Conversation 99
Customer: hello! were leaving from Brasilia and looking to book our honeymoon
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! Where are you thinking of going?
Customer: maybe rome for 7 days
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have many 5 days trips to Rome. Would that suit your needs?
Customer: ya for sure i have a small budget due to the wedding but i think we can make it work
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Will you be travelling alone for your honeymoon?
Customer: no, ill be with the ball and chain
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I'm not sure I understand. Will you be travelling alone?
Customer: the soon to be mrs. will be attending as well
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! I can book 5 days in Rome for two people at 3550.55USD.
Customer: How about phoenix?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book 7 days in Phoenix for 3775.54USD
Customer: never mind then how about Rome
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book 5 days in Rome for two people at 3550.55USD
Customer: what is the hotel like?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 0.0 star rating with free breakfast and free wifi.
Customer: perfect! lets book it!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok great! I will go ahead and book that for you :smile:

Conversation 100
Customer: Hi im in the middle of travelling  and i want to go to Porto!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure thing! What city will you be departing from?
Customer: i can leave from Minneapolis
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I you leave from Minneapolis on the 17th of August I can book you 11 days in the four-star Golden Keep. The total cost of this package is 2362.21USD. Would you like me to book this package?
Customer: Let’s book it!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Done! Enjoy!
Customer: thank you!