Customer: hi i have been given access to multiple intership positions
all abroad
so I want to plan a trip to which ever one has the best deal to scope it out
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can help you out with that! Where are you coming from?
Customer: i am in Barcelona. and I can travel from sept 6-21
Customer Service Agent (CSA): What is one of the cities you can go to?
Customer: kobe also i have 4700 dollars tops for this trip, keep that in mind
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Okay, our best deal for you is an 11-day long trip with a stay at a 3.5 star hotel for 3895.67.
Customer: is it downtown?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I do not have any information regarding whether it is in the heart of the city.
Customer: what about amenities?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): All guests have access to free wifi.
Customer: ok well
check Los Angeles ok
Customer Service Agent (CSA): In Los Angeles we can also offer you an 11 day stay. This time it will be a 3.0 star hotel next to the airport and mall. All for 2475.71.
Customer: free wifi as well?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Not just free wifi, also free parking and free breakfast!
Customer: ah, great. what are the dates
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It's from September 8-18.
Customer: before i book anything can you check San Diego
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure. In San Diego our best is a 9-day trip at a 3.0 star hotel near the park for 1388.27.
Customer: which has a higher user rating - Los Angeles or San Diego?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): They are the same: 8.86/10. They also offer the same amenities.
Customer: oh, wow.. both are good reviews... well Los Angeles is near a mall.. I think that's where the mall of america is
I want that one
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Alrighty then! Would you like to go for a business upgrade for 3153.44 or the economy for 2475.71?
Customer: yes - business
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sounds good! This is booked for you. You depart today so better get going!
Customer: yes, you're right.. thank you

