Customer: Heyooooo
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hey
Customer: We are a group of friendly bros, 7 adults in all, and we want to go from Paris to Athens. Leaving Aug 29 returning Sept 9
Customer Service Agent (CSA):  Are you on a budget?
Customer: Right on! Our budget is 24300
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can do this for you! I have one hotel available - Lunar Jewel Lodge. You would go from August 30-September 8.
Customer: Is there no way you could Book us from the 29th of Aug until the 9th of Sept? If not, can you check Brasilia for the same dates, and also leaving from Paris?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): not for Athens. I will check on Brasilia for you right now!
Customer: Thanks bro
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book August 29-September 8 in Brasilia! Would that be ok?
Customer: What would it cost, and what kind of hotel can you get us?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a 3.5 star hotel - Parallel Angel near the beach, a park, and a theatre for $19719.
Customer: Can you tell me if this hotel has a hot tub? The boys are hyped for a team hot tub sesh
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It has free breakfast, free wifi, and free parking, but I do not know about anything else.
Customer: Damn alright. Can you check if the hotel in Athens has a hot tub?. And also tell us what that package would cost
Customer Service Agent (CSA): that information is not in my database. I am sorry :disappointed:
Customer: How much does it cost then
Customer Service Agent (CSA): In Athens, the cost would be 17462.92USD.
Customer: What is the user review of the hotel in Athens? What is the user review of the hotel in Brasilia?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There are no user reviews for the Athens hotel or for the Brasilia hotel.
Customer: Is there an option to fly business class to Brasilia
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes, that would bring your total cost to 18463.96USD
Customer: Done.Book it.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok :slightly_smiling_face: I will go ahead and book that for you!
Customer: Thank you!

