Customer: heyyyyy there I just got approved to take my 10 vacation days in the upcoming weeks :smile: im looking to leaving from indianapolis, but I just wanna explore my options for now. so can you let me know what’s available under 1900?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You have trips to Santodomingo, Curitiba, Cairo, San Jose, and Vancouver
Customer: wow! tell me more - what’s the hotel like in curitiba?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 3 star hotel
Customer: With what amenities? what is it close to?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Close to park, heart, includes free wifi, free breakfast, free parking
Customer: how much is the price? how long is the trip duration?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Heart of the city, 12451.67USD for 19 days in business class or 9624.57USD for 19 days in economy class
Customer: jeeeez that’s not under 1900 dollars! my budget is 1900.00 USD
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How many people are you?
Customer: just me
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sorry I dont have anything in that price range.
Customer: nothing at all from indianapolis.. to anywhere?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Oh yes, sorry I have trips to Santo Domingo, Cairo, San Jose, Vancouver, Cancun and St. Louis
Customer: oh ok! hmm can I hear about the hotel in San Jose?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 2.5 star hotel near park and museum, 1627.71 for 17 days. User review of 9.16 on 10
Customer: neat! whats the hotel called?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Snowy Nugget Inn
Customer: what would be the hotel in santo domingo? what would it be like?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Rose Sierra Hotel, 3 star at 1849.63USD for 19 days
Customer: cool! what’s included in the package? is it on the beach?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes, its near the beach, includes free wifi, free breakfast, free parking
Customer: ok, i like that. what’s the user review?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 7.06
Customer: ok. and just one more thing - how does cairo’s hotel look?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 3 star hotel near university at 1313.41USD
Customer: how long would it be?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 18 days
Customer: ok. thanks well, lets go ahead and book santo domingo. i wanna stay on the beach
Customer Service Agent (CSA): ok, you're booked
Customer: thank you :slightly_smiling_face:

