Customer: I want to go to san antonio from tijuana for 7 days
Customer Service Agent (CSA): One person?
Customer: yeppers!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have several choices. How long were you hoping to stay in San Antonio?
Customer: from the 13th to the 1st
Customer Service Agent (CSA): My shortest package in San Antonio is a 9 day package. I have a choice of 2 different hotels, both with a 2 star rating.
Customer: What are the dates for it?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Both are from Sept 12th to Sept 20th
Customer: well i think my 7 days of vacation only apply to work days so that should work since part of the trip is on the weekend. Can you fill me in on more hotel details?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You have a choice between the Vertex Inn, a 2 star hotel near the park, museum and the mall at 1277.9USD OR the Winter Hill Inn, also a 2 star hotel near the park, mall ans theatre. Both included wifi, parking and breakfast. However, the Vertex Inn has a guest rating of 7.15/10 whereas the Winter Hill Inn had a guest rating of 4.74/10.
Customer: I think i'll go for the vertex hotel cuz the guest rating is better lawls. but wait, i cant leave on the 12th ! ah shoot! sorry about that
Can you check Busan for me?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Is a departure date of the 14th okay?
Customer: Yeah for sure!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can send you to San Antonio on a 15 day package from September 14 to September 28 or I can send you to Busan  on a 6 day package from September 14 to September 18th.
Customer: I think the 6 day package fits my dates the best. Can you tell me more about it?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): First let's get your budget
Customer: I dont have a budget
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Perfect. The Busan hotel is available for a 6 day stay at  3107.21USD. Included is your parking, use of wifi and your breakfast. The hotel is situated near the park, museum and not far from the university.
Customer: sounds pretty good to me, is this the business or economy price?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): That price is based on economy class pricing. I also have that package available at 4047.3USD on business class.
Customer: I'll splurge and take the business class flights, nothing wrong with spoiling yourself once in a while
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I will proceed with the business reservations
Customer: Thank you

