Customer: Hi Wizard! I'm looking for a trip from Rosario.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Any special destinations in mind?
Customer: Can you help me check Vancouver?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have packages between Sept 12 and September 30 and or September 20 to Oct 2. 
Customer: Queenstown also sounds pretty nice!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a 14 day package available in Queenstown during your time period. This is at a 4 star hotel with a 8.22/10 guest rating. Would you like more details on it?
Customer: Yes please! This sounds interesting!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Emerald Mountain Hotel is a 4 star hotel located near the museum. Their standard 14 day package includes flights and hotel stay for 14 days with access to free wifi, parking and breakfast.  This package departs on Sept 18 and returns on Sept 30th.
Customer: That's not too shabby! Are there comparable deals in Manaus?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is a 12 day package in Manaus at 3.5 star hotel with a 8.22/10 guest rating. This package also includes access to free wifi, parking and breakfast.
Customer: How about Toronto?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have no packages from Rosario to Toronto within your parameters. As in Vancouver, you would have to return on Oct 2nd.
Customer: Can you tell me whether the Manaus hotel is close to any points of interest then?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Close to the park and the market
Customer: What's the price difference between the Queenstown and Manaus packages?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The 14 day package in Queenstown is  4454.78USD based on an economy class fare and the 12 package to Manaus is 1130.59USD based on an economy class fare.
Customer: Wow Manaus is a nice deal... how much would business flights cost?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 1377.36USD based on a business class flight
Customer: You know what.. I think I will take this one. Can you book it for me?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Of course! Thank you for your booking and safe travels.
Customer: Thanks for your help!

