Customer: Greetings m8! Im coming out of st. petersburg, but i need some time for my lonesome or at least imagine some, can you tell me about some packages to Kingston
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Where are you leaving from and between which dates would you like to travel?
Customer: OY M8! i said st. petersburg, didnt i! well thats where im leaving from but i want to imagine a trip to Kingston
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For which dates would you like to take this trip?
Customer: honestly i have this deadline for this project im working on, for my less than adequate boss, which is on September 1st lets pretend my trip starts then! And don't put any kind of cap on my spending, either, I am very rich
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a 4 star stay in Kingston departing on the Sept 8, or a 2.5 star stay in Kingston departing on September 2nd. What do you think?
Customer: If its gonna be imaginary, let’s live lavishly!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can offer you a 4.5 star 6 day stay in Kobe at the Ivory Legacy Hotel. What say you?
Customer: What amenities do they have?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Free wifi only. However, they do boast a 8.69/10 guest rating.
Customer: OHHHHH that sounds nice! what about queenstown anything there?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have just the one. 7 days at Silver Palace, a 5 star resort with free breakfast and wifi.
Customer: Thats what im talking ABOUT!!!! what does it offer?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is near the museum and airport, boasts a 8.86/10 user rating and departs on September 8th.
Customer: How much would that be for 2?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The best I can offer is 4959.36 USD for two people with economy flights or 6362.72 USD for two people with business class flights. Which do you prefer?
Customer: Business all the way only the best for the imaginary bae
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Shall we book?
Customer: Yes we may even though this trip wont happen I appreciate the help in making this Fantasy! I’ll never for get this! THANK YOUU
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Your booking is complete. Have an excellent imaginary trip with your imaginary girlfriend!
Customer: Thank you! :slightly_smiling_face:

