Customer: Hi there, I'd like to know if you can book a trip for us leaving this upcoming Saturday and returning on the Tuesday after. We are six adults and seven children leaving from Punta Cana. I know this is really short notice so I'd appreciate anything you can find for us, thank you so much!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hi there. I can book you a trip to Dallas from August 27th-August 30th for 5561.28USD.
Customer: How about Birmingham? The kids would love to see it
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately I do not have anything available from Punta Cana to Birmingham at this time. I can book you a trip to Stuttgart for 28237.3USD. Does this interest you?
Customer: Unfortunately that is outside of our budget :disappointed: Do you have anything available from Punta Cana to Burlington?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sadly I have nothing available to Burlington within your date range. Would you mind telling me your budget so I can better find a trip for you within your parameters?
Customer: Yes. Our budget is 23300. Thank you so very much :slightly_smiling_face:
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have only trips to Dallas or La Paz within your budget. Sorry about that. Do either of these destinations interest you?
Customer: What about Orlando?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I’m sorry but there are no trips in my database from Punta Cana to Orlando.
Customer: Can you please book us a round trip flight from Dallas to Orlando departing August 27 returning August 30 and tell us how much it would cost? Thank you!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you be interested in travelling from Dallas to Santo Domingo?
Customer: Is there no way to get us to Orlando?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sadly there are no trips available to Orlando at this time.
Customer: Are there any weekend flights you can book for us to Orlando at any point before September 15 this year? That would be flights leaving on a Saturday and returning the following Tuesday. Thank you once again :slightly_smiling_face:
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sadly there are no trips available to Orlando at this time. My apologies.
Customer: Okay I will take the trip to Dallas leaving August 27th returning August 30th. What's next?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok, great! Would you like to upgrade to business class flights for 6373.74USD?
Customer: No thank you, but I was wondering if you offer anything as part of the package?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel is in the heart of the city near museums and features free wifi and free breakfast.
Customer: Is it a five star hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel is 2.5 stars with a guest rating of 5.14
Customer: How much would a five star hotel package cost (including cost of the flight)?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately the only package I have available is the 2.5 star hotel.
Customer: How much does the entire package cost?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For 7 children and 6 children the total 5561.28USD.
Customer: Okay book us the business class flight and the hotels please
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Absolutely, consider it done. Anything else I can help you with today&gt;
Customer: That's it! Thank you so so much :):):)
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You are very welcome :slightly_smiling_face:

