Customer: Hi there, I'd love to book a vacation from Frankfurt please.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Where would you like to go?
Customer: I don't have a destination in mind. I was hoping you could help me with that.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How much money are you willing to spend?
Customer: I'm flexible about that. But I'm looking for a 6 day vacation package.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): When would you like to leave?
Customer: Either on or after Sunday September 18 please.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Are you travelling by yourself?
Customer: Yep!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a 6 day package to Silver Palace in Queenstown for 766.63USD. This is at a 5 star hotel near the airport and a museum with free breakfast, free wifi, and a guest rating of 8.86/10.
Customer: Wow, that sounds really good!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like to book ?
Customer: I was wondering... is there anything else you can offer? As great as that sounds, I'd like to explore my options.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is also a 6 day package at a 3 star hotel in Stuttgart for 724.50USD.
Customer: So far, the Queenstown one sounds best. Have you got anything else though?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You could spend 6 days at a 5 star hotel with free wifi in Munich for 293.87USD.
Customer: Wow that's really cheap. You know what, I think I'll take the Queenstown one please.
What are the dates for that
Customer Service Agent (CSA): September 28-October 3
Customer: Oh! I have to ask... Is the Munich package closer to September 18?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would leave September 20 and return the 26th with the Munich package.
Customer: Sorry for being so indecisive. I'll take the Munich package in the end!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure! I can upgrade your package to business class flights for a total of only 392.22 USD. Do you want to do that?
Customer: Sure why not!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok, I will go ahead and book that in that case.
Customer: Great, thank you.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I am happy to help :slightly_smiling_face:

