Customer: Hi there. Can I use your services to leave Puebla?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes! Where would you like to go?
Customer: Boston please. Sometime between September 1 and 16
Customer Service Agent (CSA): What is your budget?
Customer: unlimited budget, but hoping for something in the four star range
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How many people are travelling?
Customer: Me, and potentially a friend. But just search for 1 adult right now
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We only have a 2.5 star hotel. Is this okay?
Customer: Thats fine, but I would probably tell you to look up another place right after :wink: You know what, lets just skip to that
check dallas for me
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We have a 2.5 star hotel here as well.
Customer: Goiania?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Again, this is yielding only 2.5 star results as well.
Customer: Wow just not my lucky day. How about...Mexico City
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Success! We have 3 and 3.5 star hotels. Which would you prefer?
Customer: cool! what amenities at each?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The first 3 star hotel, "Sublime Echo" is near a beach, shopping, and mall, and offers free parking and wifi. The second 3 star hotel, "Hotel Tropic" is near the beach and shopping, and offers free breakfast and wifi. The 3.5 star hotel "Exalted Willow Resort & Suites" is near the beach shopping, and mall, and offers free parking and wifi.
Customer: how much does the 3.5 cost
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For business flights it would cost 1048.47 and for economy it would be 887.53. This package is for 10 days.
Customer: I think that would be the best choice! business isn't too exorbitantly priced so that's what I'll have
and book for two please
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Okay great! For this option it will cost 2096.95 for two adults and business flights. Still okay?
Customer: still okay
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! Your flights are booked! You will receive an email soon to confirm your purchase! Have a great day!
Customer: thank you!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Anytime!

