Customer: Hi! My best friend and I want to go on vacation to Porto Alegre.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! Where are you planning to leave from?
Customer: Fukuoka
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Are you both adults?
Customer: Yep!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): When would you like to travel?
Customer: Soon, but I'm flexible about the dates.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have a budget?
Customer: Yeah my friend and I are only planning to spend a grand total of 7100.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have 13, 16, or 17 day packages available in Porto. None of which are in your budget.
Customer: That sucks. How about if we decide to go to Dublin?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have 9, 10, and 15 day packages to dublin. Which do you prefer?
Customer: And they're all within budget?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The 10 and 15 trips are within your budget, and one of the 9 day trips is just 200 dollars above your budget.
Customer: Okay tell me about the 15 day trip then.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would be staying at the 2 star Mellow Dream Inn, located in the heart of the city near parks, university, and malls. The hotel has 5.14 as a guest rating and supplies free breakfast, as well as free wifi and parkig.
Customer: And how much does this cost?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): for economy class flights, 4695.57USD
Customer: And can you tell me about the 10 day trip?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Supreme Galaxy Inn & Suites is 2.5 stars, near a park, university, and a mall. It has a 6.77 guest rating and also provides free breakfast, wifi, and parking.
Customer: How much is that?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 4762.69USD
Customer: That's even more expensive than the 15 day one! And that's the price for the both of us?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes. For two adults.
Customer: Alrighty then, let's book the 15 day one
Customer Service Agent (CSA): And you're booked!
Customer: Are you gonna tell me what the departure and return dates are?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Booked!
Customer: Okay but when do my friend and I leave and come back?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You will travel from September 14th until the 27th
Customer: Okay cool. Thanks... friend.

