Customer: Hello
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hello, how may I help you?
Customer: Trying to see if I can take my kids with me to see my wife in Portland. And we would be leaving from Washington
Customer Service Agent (CSA): What is the total amount of adults and children in your party?
Customer: 4 children. just me as an adult
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have any specific dates in mind?
Customer: i'm not too picky on dates
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I regret that we do not handle flights between Washington and Portland. Are you able to either depart from somewhere else or pick a different destination?
Customer: What about if we traveled together to Paris then
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Just to be clear, do you want to depart from Paris or fly to Paris?
Customer: The latter please
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I am pleased to tell you that we have flights from Washington to Paris.  Do you have a certain budget for your vacation?
Customer: not really, i'd like to treat the kids to something nice if I can. what kind of hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Hotel Regal Universe in Paris is a 4 star property with a 9.16/10 user rating and is located near the museum and palace. That one is available for a 13 day period. I also have the Queen's Jungle Hotel, also a 4 star property with a 8.69/10 user rating located near the museum, shopping and cathedral available for 12 days. A third option for you would be the Autumn Treasure Hotel, again a 4 star property with a 8.49/10 user rating but I do not have any details on its location, also available for 12 days.
Customer: Does the Hotel Regal Universe have free breakfast??
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hotel Regal Universe offers you a complimentary breakfast along with free wifi.
Customer: and the dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is available from Sept 5th to Sept 17th on both economy and business class
Customer: Could we afford business class for our entire group?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The cost on business class for the entire package including your flights and hotel is 12006.40USD
Customer: Ok lets go ahead and confirm this!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I will proceed with the booking then. Thank you and enjoy your trip.
Customer: Thank you!

