Customer: Hi!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): To start, just give me some information on where you'd like to travel, your budget, your point of departure, or any other travel info you can think of.
Customer: Ok great! I'm looking for a trip from August 19th to September 3rd, and I'm thinking of going to Mexico City. I would be departing from Busan.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I've got some options available for you. Will you be travelling alone?
Customer: Yes! For the first time.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! I have 5 days at a 3 star hotel available for 3259.79USD. What do you think?
Customer: That sounds nice. What is the name of the hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel is called Sublime Echo.
Customer: Does it have a view of the ocean?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I am not sure 
Customer: Great! Do you know if there is free wifi and breakfast?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is free parking and free wifi, but no free breakfast.
Customer: What are the departure dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would leave Busan at 7:00 am - Wednesday, August 24th and depart from Mexico City at 1:00 am - Saturday, August 27th. I also have a free breakfast hotel available for 4002.28USD which leaves Busan at 7:00 am - Saturday, August 27th.
Customer: The second option is how many days?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The second option is also 5 days.
Customer: I'll keep the second Mexico City option in mind. I have some other places that I'd like to consider.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! Where would you like to go?
Customer: What about Santo Domingo for the same dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can get you a hotel in Santo Domingo for 2446.15USD.
Customer: 5 days?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 9 days actually.
Customer: With free breakfast?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Free breakfast, wifi, and parking!
Customer: Amazing! This one is already looking better than Mexico City. What are the departure and arrival dates and times?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is a great deal! You would depart Busan at 11:00 am - Wednesday, August 24th and leave Santo Domingo at 1:00 am - Wednesday, August 31st.
Customer: That sounds great to me. I have two other cities that I'd like to consider. Let's start with Toronto. What can you get me for the same dates with free breakfast?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! I can get you 7 days in Toronto for 2732.81USD.
Customer: I like the sound of that. What are the departure and arrival dates and times for this one?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 9:00 am - Wednesday, August 17th you would leave Busan and arrive in Toronto at  9:04 pm of the same day. Your return trip would depart from Toronto at 1:00 am on Monday, August 22nd and arrive in Busan at 1:04 pm that day.
Customer: Excellent. Can you see what's available in Athens?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like to hear only options with free breakfast in Athens?
Customer: Yes please!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately I have nothing available in Athens with free breakfast within your date range. However, I can get you a hotel with free parking and wifi for 3998.37USD.
Customer: Not interested. Let's go back to the Toronto package. How many stars?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For the package priced at 2732.81USD in Toronto the hotel has a 4 star rating.
Customer: Does it have a spa?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is no spa.
Customer: I will still book the Toronto package. I can't wait!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! I will book that package for you. Enjoy!
Customer: Great thank you so much!

