Customer: Hey! Yes! The 5 of us are looking to go somewhere from Sep 13 to Sep 22
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Fun! Where are you departing from?
Customer: We're in Miami. And we want to maybe go to Philly
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can do that! How does 10 days at the Mirror Inn, from September 13 to 22 sound?
Customer: How much will the total cost?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The total cost is 4479.15USD.
Customer: That could work... I've got a little bit left on my budget, are there better hotel options?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can get you on a business class flight, but it appears that the Mirror Inn is our only hotel in Philadelphia.
Customer: how much would business flights cost?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 5486.96USD
Customer: Could you check the same dates for Long Beach?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can get you a trip to Long Beach from September 14 to 22 at the Ornate Inn, which would cost only 2132.0USD. Interested?
Customer: Is that the only option for Long Baech?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can get you on business class flights for 2502.0USD, but yes that is the only hotel we have in Long Beach,
Customer: In this case I think Philadelphia is better
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Certainly. Its a 2 star hotel but enjoys a 6.61/10 guest rating, and is conveniently located next to a park and museum. Amenities include free parking, free breakfast, and free wifi.
Customer: What about the Long Baech hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Ornate in Long Beach is 2.5 star, with a 6.91/10 guest rating. It also has free parking, free breakfast, and free wifi, and is right next to the airport.
Customer: What would the flight time be?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It would depart at 9AM and arrive at 10:32AM. Return flight departs at 2AM and arrives at 3:32AM.
Customer: And the flight to Philadelphia?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It would depart at 7AM and arrive at 9:46AM. Return flight departs at 2AM and arrives at 4:46AM.
Customer: can you book the business flights please?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Booked! Have a great trip!
Customer: Thanks!

