Customer: hey
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hello there! How can I help you?
Customer: I'm tryina go to on spring break w the squad can u help me out
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure thing buddy, can you tell me more about what you're looking for?
Customer: well we are thinking las vegas sounds like a really nice place to spend spring break.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How many people are in your squad and where will you be travelling from?
Customer: me and 3 homies. leaving baltimore
Customer Service Agent (CSA):  Do you have a range of dates in mind for this trip?
Customer: yasssss. we are off aug 27-sept 5
Customer Service Agent (CSA): And do you have a budget for this trip?
Customer: trying to keep it under 2900 $$
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a few 6 day 2.5 star packages starting at only 2191.40 USD! How does that sound?
Customer: dope price but 2.5 stars sounds meh.. anything for Fukuoka?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have just the package for you! How about a 7 day trip in a 3 star hotel for 2881.29 USD?
Customer: sweet! that's in fukuoka? what amenities does the hotel have?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel has free wifi, but for only 10 dollars more, I can offer you a 3.5 star hotel with breakfast AND wifi included.
Customer: And if we increase the budget by 1000 ... anything lookin good?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can offer you a 7 day, 3 star trip to Fukuoka for 3727.11USD
Customer: meh, i'd rather the 2890 one then
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like to know more about it or shall I book it for you?
Customer: well we got 3.5 star, breakfast and wifi .. whats the hotel called?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It's called Historic Mansion Hotel.
Customer: oh sweet i've heard of that place. what are the dates ?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Your departure is on August 30th and you return September 4th.
Customer: thats perfect! ok - lets book it for 4 adults
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! Your reservation is complete, you will receive a confirmation email shortly.
Customer: thank you wozbot :slightly_smiling_face: toodles

