Customer: I have 9 days vacation
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! Where do you live?
Customer: Baltimore
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you know where you want togo?
Customer: no
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Any monetary or date restrictions?
Customer: I want to leave on or after the 20th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok. How about 17 days at Opportunity Suites in Rosario?
Customer: Whats the hotel like?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 4 stars, near shopping, and has free breakfast and wifi
Customer: whats the guest rate
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 8.86/10
Customer: ok. Do you have any other options?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Of course! I have another 17 day package in Santo Domingo at a 3 star hotel with 7.06/10 from guests. This facility is beachside, near a shopping district, and has free breakfast, wifi, and parking!
Customer: Anything else?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have 17 days at Twin Canyon Inn and Suites in San Francisco. This hotel is 2 stars, in the heart of the city near a museum, has 5.23/10 from past users, and provides free breakfast, wifi access, and parking.
Customer: I think I will just stick to the one in Rosario. How much is it for business class
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 4990.54USD, from September 23rd to October 9th
Customer: I only have 9 days vacation tho
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! I will narrow the trips down to 9 day ones.
Customer: ok please do
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have 9 day trips at Scarlet Palms Resort in Goiania, Viewpoint in St. Petersburg, Hotel Richard in Toronto.
Customer: Goiania sounds good, whats the hotel like?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel is 3.5 stars, near a park and shopping, has 7.15/10 from guest reviews, and includes parking, wifi, and breakfast all for the price of 4166.55USD (business class price).
Customer: cool. Whats the highest rated hotel available?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): In Goiania?
Customer: Anywhere
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Hotel Eric Perrier in Toronto has 4 stars and a 8.8/10 user review.
Customer: Tell me more
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel is near a cathedral and the airport and includes free breakfast and wifi.
Customer: more
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would leave September 20th, return the 28th, and pay 1166.0USD for economy class flights. 
Customer: ok i'll take it, is there business class?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes; upgrading to business would bring your total to 1455.30USD. Is this ok?
Customer: yea book er
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok, consider it done :slightly_smiling_face:
Customer: thank u

