Customer: The MOST important meeting of my LIFE is taking place in Monterrey. Do you fly to Monterrey from Manas?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sorry, we don’t offer those flights.
Customer: I can meet them is Sapporo yes I can please get me to Sapporo MY ENTIRE FUTURE DEPENDS ON THIS MEETING
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I’m sorry, but is there another departure city you could get to?
Customer: Are there any flights from Manaus to ANYWHERE?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Certainly! I have flights to Porto Alegre, Puebla, St. Louis, or San Antonio. Any interest in these destination?
Customer: No. I may be able to fly to Monterrey from somewhere else. Where would I have to leave from?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It seems we do not offer flights to Monterrey.
Customer: From anywhere to Sapporo?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure! From Osaka, Sao Paulo, Dallas, Chicago, or Philadelphia.
Customer: Okay get me to Sapporo with 5 other adults from anywhere for under $2800.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The only hotel available with these conditions is the Hotel Prism. You can leave from Kyoto, Tokyo, Osaka, Seoul, or Busan.
Customer: The earliest possible departure date
Customer Service Agent (CSA): All trips depart September 18th
Customer: What's the highest rated hotel in Sapporo, I have to impress these guys.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I only have Hotel Prism available. It is three stars.
Customer: Out of which city does it cost the least then?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): That would be Fukuoka, where the cost would be 1397.60USD for 6 adults flying Economy class.
Customer: Do they feed us breakfast at this hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Breakfast is included.
Customer: 3 stars...breakfast....1397 for 6 okay how about the guest rating?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is unrated by guests.
Customer: Not a good a sign...okay can you get me to Denver? From anywhere? 2 people instead
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 2800 dollar budget as well?
Customer: No I'll splurge....let's say, 4000? Whatcha got?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have 15 days at Brass Renaissance Resort from Sept 8-21 for 3309.55USD for two adults flying economy class form Naples.
Customer: Business class?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 3508.98USD
Customer: What's the rating on the hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 3 stars, 8.86/10 from guests.
Customer: Got anything with a higher rating?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have Marina Castle Hotel with a 4.0 star rating.
Customer: Guest rating?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 8.69
Customer: amenities?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Free wifi.
Customer: price?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 3808.63USD flying economy from Vitoria, Spain.
Customer: Business?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Not within your budget.
Customer: dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sept 6-19
Customer: Okay I'll take it. Send me all the details, Thanks I will let you know what happened at my meeting!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok. I will book this for you.

