Customer: Hello wozbot!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hey there! How can I help you?
Customer: My husband and I are recently married, we are looking for a honeymoon vacation.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Where were you thinking?
Customer: Perhaps Toronto. We are currently in Rome for business, we'd like to leave from here. We're looking at going from August 18 to August 29th.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok, great! Are you flexible on those dates by any chance?
Customer: Not very. The divorce is planned for August 30th.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I could book you August 24-August 29?
Customer: Yes please.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok, great! Would you like to know any more information before I book?
Customer: Yes of course! Is the hotel 5 stars?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel is 3 stars.
Customer: This is a very special time for us. I'd like to see what you have that's 5 stars please.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How about 4 stars from August 17 to August 22?
Customer: That is good. Is there a spa?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is no spa.
Customer: How about breakfast and wifi?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes - both are included for free!
Customer: Great! How much is this package with business class?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The package costs 4446.60USD with business class flights.
Customer: That sounds good. My husband loves Vancouver, can we take a look at some packages?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! Would you like to leave from Rome or Toronto?
Customer: From Rome please, and I have a preference for a hotel with a spa. If possible.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hmm.. I'm not seeing any Vancouver options with spas available :disappointed:
Customer: Any 5 star hotels?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I've only got 4 star hotels
Customer: In that case, how about Columbus?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The only dates I have available in Columbus are August 15-25.
Customer: Ok, what about Calgary? My new boyfriend lives there.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a 4 star available from August 17-August 21 in Calgary for 2 people.
Customer: Great! How much?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 3201.93USD.
Customer: Is there a spa?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sadly there is no spa :disappointed:
Customer: Are there any available that do have a spa?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Not in Calgary, sorry about that.
Customer: That's ok. My husband would probably prefer the Toronto package. Can you please give me the flight details?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Certainly! Would you like to fly economy or business class?
Customer: Business class!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You will leave Rome at 9:00 am on Wednesday, August 17th 2016 to arrive in Toronto at 4:07 pm on Wednesday, August 17th 2016.
Leaving Toronto, you flight departs at 1:00 am on Monday, August 22nd 2016 and arrives in Rome at 8:07 am - Monday, August 22nd 2016.
Customer: Perfect, lets go right ahead and book this one
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Consider it done!
Customer: Thank you wozbot, it was a pleasure dealing with you.

