Customer: allo I am leaving Marseille Thursday August 18 and I want to travel until September 7
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How about Hamburg? I can book you 7 days at the Hotel Peter for 182.33USD.
Customer: wow that was actually one of the places I was thinking of going! whats the hotel like?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would be staying at the Hotel Peter  a  3.0-star hotel with a 0/10 guest rating, located in close proximity to the museum in the heart of downtown . This resort offers free breakfast, free wifi and free parking. The total cost of this package is 182.33USD.
Customer: what is available in porto alegre
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can offer you a 12-day package in Porto Alegre starting August 26th. You would be staying at the Deluxe Hotel,  a  3-star hotel with a 8.69/10 guest rating, located in close proximity to  the local University. This resort offers free breakfast, free wifi and free parking.
Customer: wow very nice. How much?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The total cost of this package is 2949.53USD. Would you like me to book either of these packages?
Customer: i want to also know what is available in new york
Customer Service Agent (CSA): If you're interested in New York, I can book you a 10-day stay starting on August 24th for 1846.81USD.
Customer: what is the hotel details
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would be staying at the Soft Brook,  a  2.5-star hotel with a 8.22/10 guest rating, located in close proximity to both the airport and the museum. This resort offers free breakfast, free wifi and free parking.
Customer: can i go to phoenix
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you 6 days at Phoenix's Recreation Inn for 1991.87USD.
Customer: oh ok. What is the hotel like?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would be staying at the Recreation Inn, a 3-star hotel with a 6.91/10 guest rating, located in close proximity to the museum. This resort offers free breakfast, free wifi and free parking.
Customer: oh ok that sounds nice! but i think i like the hotel in Porto more
lets book that one
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! Your vacation has been booked. Have fun on your trip!
Customer: great! thanks!

