Customer: Hi there, I want to take my two grandchildren for a little holiday. We are living in Phili and they finish their camp on September 11 so we can leave anytime afterwards.
We have to be back by September 22 so they can go to school on the 23.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Will that be just one adult and 2 kids?
Customer: You are right!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): do you have a destination in mind?
Customer: Mexico City would be ideal.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How much would you like to spend?
Customer: That's no issue, I'd spend anything for a good time with my grandkids!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We don't fly from Philadelphia to Mexico City. Anywhere else?
Customer: What about Vancouver?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): In Vancouver, we have the lovely Obsidian Gem Inn on a 6 day stay. It is rated 4 stars, is located near a park and includes free parking, wifi and your breakfast. This package deal is worth  2538.96USD and will get you back before school starts on Sept 16.
Customer: And it leaves on the 11?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): correct
Customer: Would you by any chance have any trips to Denver too?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have 4, 5 and 6 day trips available. Would you like to be near the park or the university?
Customer: Definitely the park. 6 day trip would be nice
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have the Brass Renaissance Resort, 3 star, near a park, includes breakfast and wifi at 2351.83USD. I also have the Solar Inn, 3 star, not sure about the location, includes only wifi at 1956.7USD.
Customer: Do you know the guest ratings of these two hotels?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Brass Renaissance Resort is 8.86 / 10 and the Solar is 8.69 / 10.
Customer: And for the Vancouver one?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The guest rating is 8.8 / 10
Customer: Thanks for looking! I think I will still prefer the Vancouver package. Can you book it for us with business seats?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure can! Booked on business class for a total of 3023.31USD.
Customer: thankyou

