Customer: Hey, I can use your help researching for a short vacation.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Okay! Where would you like to go?
Customer: No idea! I've only got 4 days.. gotta make the most out of it! Was hoping that you can help me out with choosing a place to go.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure! Where are you leaving from?
Customer: Santo Domingo
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have a budget?
Customer: No budget in mind yet.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): When would you like to leave?
Customer: I can leave on or after September 1
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We have packages to Rosario, Maceio, and New York.
Customer: Cool, these sound interesting! Could you provide more information on these 3 destinations?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There are hotels in Rosario, one is 2 stars, the other is 4 stars. We have two, 3.5 star hotels in Maceio. Lastly we have a 2.5 star hotel in New York.
Customer: How are the guest ratings and amenities of these hotels?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The 2 star hotel in Rosario has a 0/10 guest rating and free breakfast and wifi, the 4 star has a 8.86/10 guest rating and free breakfast and wifi. The first hotel in Maceio has a 8.37/10 guest rating and free breakfast and wifi, the other has 8.8/10 guest rating and free breakfast and wifi. The hotel in New York has a 7.15/10 guest rating and free parking, breakfast, and wifi.
Customer: Okay I'm interested in knowing more about the higher rated hotels in Rosario and Maceio. Can you tell me more about the activities around these two options?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel in Rosario has shopping, and the hotel in Maceio has a park, market, and theatre.
Customer: Alright, Maceio is the winner here!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like the business class package or economy?
Customer: What would be the price difference here?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The economy package is 2146.39 and the business package is 2718.62.
Customer: I wouldn't mind paying a bit more for business.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Alright! I will book this for you! The departing flight is on September 17th and the returning flight is the 20th.
Customer: Thank you!

