Customer: Morning! Lovely weather we are having :smiley:  Are you in St. Louis too? I need to book a trip!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Good morning!
Customer: Thanks much appreciated! I'm sooooo excited, I get to go to away for the first time EVER by myself! Can you help me get to Sapporo?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Absolutely, I would be happy to help! Would you be interested in leaving SL on August 27th and returning on September 5th?
Customer: That would work with my new internship. I'm on a very tight budget though, the UN doesn't pay for internships!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Oh ok! How much would you like to spend?
Customer: Not a dime over $4100, it's all I've got!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Well you’re in luck - I can offer you the dates listed above for $2816.73 !
Customer: Cool! Tell me about the package please, I want to make sure it is JUST right.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Absolutely! You would be staying at the Hotel Prism, a gorgeous three star hotel with free breakfast, free wifi, and free parking! You would be conveniently located next to a park and museum as well.
Customer: That sounds great but I better check out your flights to Belem on the same dates. The UN also has an office there.  If you have something leaving on the 26th, it would be better.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a 4.5 star hotel in Belem that fits your budget! It would leave August 26 and return on September 6th - is this ok?
Customer: 4.5 stars! Wow, never stayed in one of those! Tell me some more about this package please! :airplane_departure:
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes! You would be staying at Zion Hotel which is located on the beach and features free breakfast.
Customer: And how much is this package?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You could splurge on business class flights for 4069.74 and still be within your budget, otherwise it would be $3155.22 for economy class.
Customer: I really need to think about this...I can go to Sapporo for $2816.73 or to Belem for $3155.22, correct? Which one do you thing offers better value?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Correct! The Sapporo stay will last 11 days, while you would be in Belem for 13 days.
Customer: How many stars is the Zion Hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Zion is 4.5 stars!
Customer: That sounds like the better hotel. Can't be too cautious travelling by myself for the first time! I will book that deal in an economy class ticket, I'm not ready for business class YET, need to pass that bar exam!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I will go ahead and book that for you.

