Customer: hi there, wayward daydreamer on the line...so i live and work in madrid, but if i were to go to, say, naples…..could you tell me about it??
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have a budget?
Customer: well i do, but in theory i would like to know whats out there first
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I will tell you our 3 best packages!
Customer: great! hit me with it
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Our first best package is a 4 star hotel, departing August 31st and returning September 6th. The hotel offers free wifi and breakfast. This business class package comes to a grand total of 861.91.
Customer: nice, nice. number two?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Our second best is at a 3 star hotel, departing August 31st and returning September 7th. The hotel offers free breakfast and wifi. This business class package comes to a steal at 694.12!
Customer: and the third?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Our last package is at the 4 star hotel, departing August 27th and returning the 31st. The hotel offers free breakfast and wifi. This economy class package comes to 852.86.
Customer: Oh! so thats the same hotel, just dfferent dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Two different hotels. The 4 star hotel is called Tower Hotel and the 3 star hotel is called Courtyard Resort.
Customer: ok, but i meant that both 4 star packages are the same hotel… correct?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotels are the same
Customer: ok!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like to book?
Customer: so, i was also wondering about trips to lima whats it look like the options are there?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is a 3.5 star hotel near a park that offers free breakfast, wifi, and parking, Wolf Inn, and a 4 star hotel near a park that offers free wifi, Olive Summit Hotel. The best package for Wolf Inn departs September 2nd and returns on the 14th and costs 3043.41 for business class. The best package for Olive Summit departs August 31st and returns September 11th and costs 3192.94 for business class.
Customer: and how about in Mexico City?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Our best packages here are at the Exalted Willow Resort & Suites. This hotel has a 3.5 star rating, close to the beach, and shopping mall, they also offer free wifi and parking. The first option departs September 2nd and returns on the 14th. This business class package costs 2594.97. The second best is departing September 1st and returning on the 7th, business class cost is 2313.56.
Customer: sounds beautiful.. I would LOVE to stay on the beach and have free parking :heart_eyes: well, i didnt come here to book anything today but i appreciate you telling me about whats out there
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Okay, glad I could help you explore some options. Have a nice day!
Customer: Thanks, you too

