Customer: I’m dreamin, of a getaway to the the Veg. I live in Busan
Customer Service Agent (CSA):  I can tell you about an exciting vacation package from Busan to Hiroshima if you would be so inclined
Customer: Las Vegas from Busan
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Excellent, we have some flights for you from Busan to Las Vegas. Would a trip from September 1 to 8 work for you?
Customer: I mean, sure..What’s it look like?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would be staying at the fabled Retro Inn, a 2.5 star hotel near the airport, park, and mall. Does this sound good to you?
Customer: Sounds beautiful. But what about if I went to Tampa?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I've got what you're looking for! How does a trip to Tampa from August 27 to September 8 sound to you?
Customer: What’s the hotel like? Equally mythical?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Fortunately, I am pleased to inform you that the hotel in question is the 3 star Dual Loch Hotel, located the airport, museum, park, and beach. Does this sound good to you?
Customer: Neat! What about if I go to Hamburg?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I could book a trip to Hamburg from August 31 to September 7. Would you be interested in learning more?
Customer: I would indeed
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would be staying at the Hotel Peter, a 3 star hotel located near the heart of the city and its museums. The stay comes with free breakfast, wifi, and parking. Would you like to confirm this booking?
Customer: Sounds lovely. No thanks, I don’t want to book right now. How much would the Hotel Peter package cost
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Well, that depends. How many adults and children will be traveling on this trip?
Customer: Just one. Adult.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): In that case, the package will cost 1461.11USD.
Customer: Wow! How much would the trip to Tampa cost?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For one adult, the trip to Tampa would cost 4030.84USD.
Customer: Hmm, also within my reach. And for Las Vegas?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The trip to Las Vegas would cost you 2983.7USD.
Customer: Great. I thank you for your time.

