Customer: Yes I need to go help 3 pit bulls before it's too late but I have to go where it's easiest and cheapest first. Everyone thinks I'm rich but I do this mainly out of love. Can you get me something in Mexico City for $2400
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can try! Where are you leaving from?
Customer: I can leave from anywhere is necessary
Customer Service Agent (CSA): When would you like to leave?
Customer: After Sept 7 but I need to be back by Sept 20. Please make sure you give me a hotel located near a park
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Are you travelling by yourself?
Customer: no my assistant will assist me
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There are no parks near the hotels but there is a beach!
Customer: Beach could work if we go early in the morning. What do you have in price range?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Our most expensive is 2325.23 and our cheapest is 1849.40.
Customer: What's your cheapest in San Juan close to a park or beach?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 1497.89 is our cheapest package but none of the packages are close to a beach or park, unfortunately.
Customer: What do you have in Athens?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We do not have anything in athens.
Customer: I guess Mexico City it is! Let's go with the cheapest stay, these dogs are all volunteer work.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! Would you like to hear more about the hotel before booking?
Customer: Yes please if you can tell me the name and some of the details concerning my stay
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hotel Tropic is a 3 star hotel near the beach and shopping hot spots, they have a 6.77/10 guest rating, and they offer free breakfast and wifi. This package includes economy flights and is from September 8th to 20th and as you know, the cost is 1849.40.
Customer: It sounds just fine to me, please go ahead and do the booking
Customer Service Agent (CSA): All done! Easy as that! You will receive an email confirmation soon as well. Have a great day and enjoy your stay at Hotel Tropic!
Customer: Thank you for your help

