Customer: im just here at the white house
everyones out of town
touring, campaigning
blah blah blah
secret service work was supposed to be thrilling!! i wasnt expecting to just stand around guarding the bathrooms.. making sure the help dont use the first lady's toilet
i wouldnt mind running away from it all to be honest maybe start small.. what could i get to denver for? 
Customer Service Agent (CSA): from washington to denver?
Customer: yeah, tahts right. ive got just under 6 grand in savings
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Which dates^
Customer: no dates
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I see. We have 9 days trips in 4 star hotel at 502.62USD, and 572.79USD in business tirp
Customer: wow, cheap! and i could get away from this for a week and a half how would trips look from here to Montreal? 
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Where would you like to go?
Customer: Montreal ?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have 7 days at 4 star hotel at 1256.84USD, or 1561.99USD in business clas
Customer: wow, not as expensive as i thought to fly across the country whats the hotel located near? whats the package include?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Free parking and free wifi
Customer: hm. and the location? whats it look like&gt;
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Near market and mall.
Customer: ok. interesting i suppose is that the only hotel available
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We also have a 2.5 star hotel with 8.86 guest rating that is near the beach. includes free parking, breakfast and wifi, @ 1561.71USD
Customer: ok.. so still very affordable. you know, another place ive dreamed of going since i was a small lad is japan. can you look at whats available in Osaka?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): we have 10 days and 12 days trip at hotels ranging from 3.5 stars to 4 stars
Customer: can you tell me more about the 4 star hotle. how long would that trip be?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 10 days at 5564.37USD, near park and museum
Customer: lovely. and what about the 12 day trip?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 3 stars hotels at 3564.28USD or  4637.20USD in business class with free breakfast and free wifi
Customer: and is that hotel near anything of note?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): near a museum
Customer: thanks!

