Customer: My wife and I just had our second baby and would like to take a vacation with our 2 children. We are looking for a child-friendly resort, preferably in Queenstown.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure, I can help you with that! Where will you be leaving from? And do you have any dates in mind?
Customer: We are from Campinas. We can depart on August 27 but must return on September 17
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have no trips to Queenstown that return on September 17th. Do you have any other destinations in mind?
Customer: do you have anything that returns before Sept 17?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes I have several that return before he 17th. What is your budget? That would help narrow down the options.
Customer: We have $4000 to spend.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have two 5 star hotel packages to offer you. Both are 8 days long,  include the same amenities and are in your budget. The first is from September 8-14. The second is from August 30th to September 5th. Do one of these sets of dates work better for you?
Customer: Can I have the names of those hotels please?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes of course: The first one is the Illustrious Pool Hotel and the second is Silver Orb Palace
Customer: both of those seem like they would work well for use, what do you have within those dates available in San Juan?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have both 9 and 13 day packages. How long of a holiday were you hoping to take?
Customer: a 9 day with 2 kids seems like long enough!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Fair enough! We have a stay at the Supreme Seaside Inn & Suites, a 2.5 star hotel which would cost you 3099.11USD or a stay at the Fairyland, a 4 star hotel which would come out to 3572.48USD.
Customer: and the dates for these are?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The first one is from September 6th to 13th and the other one is from September 8th to 13th.
Customer: One more destination, I promise. My wife wants me to make absolutely sure that I get ALL the information. Do you have anything in Porto?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I do not have any trips to Porto. Do you mean Porto Alegre?
Customer: yes Porto Alegre.  Out of the 4 resorts you suggested in Queenstown and San Juan, are any of them on the beach?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Those resorts are not on the beach
Customer: do any of them include breakfast? It's always nice to eat breakfast at the hotel!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Supreme Seaside Inn & Suites, Illustrious Pool Hotel and Silver Orb Palace serve a complimentary breakfast to their guests
Customer: okay well they are all within our budget! Once I speak to my wife I will get back you you to book!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! See you later!

