Customer: Hey there, so I've got a little bit of a dilemma on my hands..
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Good day, we are here to help you book your best trip possible. How can I help you today?
Customer: I've been rewarded with a company trip for me and some coworkers but the destination is a subject of conflict. Our parameters include the travel window being from August 30 until September 18
Customer Service Agent (CSA): What destinations were you thinking of?
Customer: And we are looking at Osaka first of all. That would be for 6 adults, all leaving from Burlington
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We have 2 choices in Osaka for 6 adults. The 4 star Aquamarine Majesty Hotel available for 13 days and the 3 star Hotel Opportunity available for 9 days. Any preference?
Customer: Those both sound very suitable. What would be the dates of travel for the Majesty Hotel
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Aquamarine Majesty Hotel is available from Sept 2nd to Sept 13. It is located by the park and museum and offers free wifi and free parking.
Customer: That sounds quite ideal. Just to appease some other difficult colleagues, what would be available in Mexico City for the same date range?
Lets search that for ... 2 adults
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have hotels available in Mexico City for 6 days and for 12 days. Do you prefer the 12 day stay?
Customer: Yes, please. The longer the better. What is the hotel like?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Your 12 day stay at the Exalted Willow Resort & Suites, a 3.5 star rated hotel, will include free parking and free wifi. It is located near the beach and close to shopping. The dates of departure and return are Sept 2 to Sept 13.
Customer: Well, same dates for both.. ok.. I like both honestly. I guess lets see which package is cheaper. How much is the Majesty package in Osaka
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The price for 6 adults at The Aquamarine Majesty Hotel is 19573.81USD. The price for 2 adults at the Exalted Willow Resort & Suites in Mexico City is 2227.91USD.
Customer: That's great, thank you. Ok, so there are a lot of folks on my team I think...
Would both of these packages be available for 13 adults?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Aquamarine Majesty has availability for 13 people at a cost of 42409.93USD. The Exalted in Mexico City also has availability for 13 at  14481.44USD.
Customer: I guess we should go with Mexico City as it is noticeably more affordable
Can you book that for me?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I will proceed with booking the Exalted Willow Resort & Suites in Mexico City for 13 people from September 2nd to September 13th, 2016. Confirmation will be sent to you shortly.
Customer: Thank you so much :smile: Can't wait!

