Customer: Hello, I have 15 vacation days available between June 1st and August 31st. I am leaving from Theed. I would like to go somewhere with lots of sunshine.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have no departures available from Theed.  Would you like to pick another departure travel location?
Customer: Do you have any departures from Kobe, Japan?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): No, I don't.  Would you like to select another location?
Customer: How about Birmingham City?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure.  Would you like to go to Mexico City?  I have a flight available on Wednesday, August 17th at 10:00 a.m. to Tuesday, August 23rd at 4:00 a.m.
Customer: What are my options for hotels?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The best hotel I have is a 3.0 star hotel with a 6.91/10 rating.  The flight for this travel package would be from Monday, August 15th at 10:00 a.m. to Sunday, August 21st at 4:00 a.m.  The hotel has free parking and free wifi.  Would you like to book this travel package?
Customer: How much would this package be? Could you offer me a cheaper hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The cost of this package is 1644.98 USD.  Would you like to book this travel package?
Customer: Could you show me some hotels with lower guest ratings and lower prices?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Here are a couple of options.  The first option is a 3.0 star hotel (the Tropic), with a guest rating of 6.77/10 and a business class flight.  The cost is 1002.27 USD.  Or, if you prefer, you could choose the same 3.0 star hotel with a guest rating of 6.77/10 (the Tropic) and an economy flight,  for 812.69.
Customer: What other destinations could you offer me if I'm departing from Birmingham City?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I could offer you Vancouver, British Columbia, or Porto Alegre, Brazil.  Which would you prefer?
Customer: How much are the packages to each city?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like a more expensive or a less expensive travel package?
Customer: I would like to see both options, along with the hotels offered
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I could offer you the package to Porto Alegre, Brazil for 2572.16 USD. The hotel would be the Deluxe Hotel (which has a guest rating of 8.69/10) or the package to Vancouver, British Columbia for 477.93 USD .  The hotel would be Parallel Carnaval Bed & Breakfast (which has a guest rating of 8.86/10).
Customer: I can extend my vacation time to the 14th of September, does this open up any new options?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have an even better option available for you.  You could travel to Vancouver, Canada for $511.80 USD.  You would stay at the Western Ridge.  It is a 4.0 star hotel with a 10/10 guest rating.  If, however, you would really like to travel to Mexico City, I have a great package for you at only 1168.35 USD.  You would stay at the Exalted Willow Resort & Suites.  It is a 3.5 star hotel with a 8.37/10 guest rating.  Which would you prefer?
Customer: Could you tell me which of these resorts offers free wifi?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Both have wifi
Customer: I am also inquiring about the previous offered packages
Customer Service Agent (CSA): All of them do.
Customer: Could you let me know which class I would be flying in for each destination?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you prefer to fly Business Class or Economy?
Customer: I would prefer to fly economy
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The flight to Vancouver and the flight to Mexico City are Economy flights.
Customer: Then I would like to travel to Vancouver and stay at the Western Ridge

