Customer: It seems that a lot of us grandmas are winning the jackpot lately haha  I guess we're the ones at the casino the most. oh yes i want to take my six bratty grandchildren with me and spoil them even more
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Where would you like to go?
Customer: Rome where I can drink some nice red wine while the run amok
Customer Service Agent (CSA): And where did you want to leave from?
Customer: Calgary
Customer Service Agent (CSA): What kind of budget are we working with?
Customer: I can spend my entire winnings of $4300 who knows how long I'll be around
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a 12 day package for one adult and six kids for 8820.42USD.
Customer: that would be fun except I would have to rob a bank to get the difference
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Where else would you like to travel?
Customer: Leon also has nice red wine
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Though I hear Leon, Spain is a hotspot for wine, unfortunately I have no packages available for you.
Customer: ...okay how about Minneapolis, cause they must have some nice red wines there
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a wonderful 8 day package available for you and your family to Minneapolis, USA for only 2619.68USD! How does that sound?
Customer: It sounds good but we MUST be near the park so I can relax and drink my wine while the children run amok
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For a total cost of 3340.79USD I can book you an alternative package at Viridian Cottage Inn & Suites. This hotel is near a park, museum, and a mall! Plenty of places to enjoy the highly acclaimed wines of vineyards in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Customer: I do hear Pennsylvania puts out some nice wines :mask: Is breakfast for the children included? And what is the rating on this hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Breakfast is included! And the rating is 2.5 stars.
Customer: Did I mention they start school on Sept 29 so we must be back?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would be back on September 19th!
Customer: They don't get out of camp until Sept 14 so we cannot fly out before then.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): That’s ok - you would be flying out on September 16th.
Customer: So this is like a 4 day package?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): That’s right!
Customer: Well it all sounds really good except for the crappy Minneapolis, Minnesota wines. Please go ahead and process this before I change my mind.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You’ve got it- email confirmation will be sent along shortly.
Customer: Thank you, my dear, sweet friend, you have been oh so helpful.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Happy to help :slightly_smiling_face:

