Customer: I'm planning a 5 day vacation, but I haven't given too much thoughts to it. Can you give me some suggestions fit for my budget? I hope to spend 4600 max.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Where are you leaving from?
Customer: I live in Tampa.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Are you travelling alone?
Customer: Yes.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): When would you like to leave?
Customer: My dates are quite flexible.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you know where you might want to go?
Customer: I haven't done much thinking into it.. can you present a few options and maybe I can choose one?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure! We have packages to Santos, Madrid, and San Jose.
Customer: Awesome! Are the 5 day packages all within my budget?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Indeed they are!
Customer: Fantastic. Can you tell me a bit more about the hotel options in each city?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Santos has two hotels, one is a 4 star, the other is a 3 star. Madrid has a 5 star hotel, and San Jose has a 4 star hotel.
Customer: Okay we can scratch the 3 star one in Santos off the list. Can you tell me a bit more about the 3 hotels that are left?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The 4 star in Santos has a 8.49/10 guest rating, offers free breakfast and wifi, and is near shopping stores. The 5 star in Madrid has a 9.16/10 guest rating, offers free breakfast and wifi, and is near a museum, cathedral and palace. The 4 star in San Jose has a 8.8/10 guest rating, offers free parking, breakfast and wifi, and is near a museum and beach.
Customer: Madrid is definitely the most appealing to me!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I thought it would be. Would you like me to book it for you?
Customer: That'd be great!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Your package is from September 8th to 12th, would you like me to book you the business class flights or the economy flights?
Customer: Cool... If business flights are within my budget, then why not :slightly_smiling_face:
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great! Your package is booked and the cost is 2936.42.
Customer: That's awesome, thanks!

