Customer: hello i am booking from buenos aires to tokyo
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hello :slightly_smiling_face: I can help with that! Did you have dates in mind?
Customer: yes - august 27 until september 9th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately, we do not have a package matching the exact dates you provided. Are you flexible with your schedule?
Customer: i dont need the exact dates but within that date range, sorry I shouldve clarified
Customer Service Agent (CSA): No need to be sorry, boss. Would you be interested in a trip from September 2 to 7?
Customer: yes sure, that’d work. whats the hotel like
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Excellent! The hotel is the Bonzai Hotel, a 3-star hotel near museums and shopping. Guests have rated it 6.77/10, and amenities include free wifi and spa. How many would you be booking for?
Customer: i also wanna check out buenos aires to salvador
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For sure, would this trip be in the same date range as the one you provided previously?
Customer: yes
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We have a trip from August 27 to September 1, taking you to the Water Motel, a 3.5 star adults only hotel near the museum, palace, and theatre. Would this be of interest to you?
Customer: ok not bad. what if i left from toluca
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I would be able to book you from August 29 to September 6, also at the Water Motel. Would you prefer this option?
Customer: interesting. i will consider it
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Wonderful, how many people would you like to book for?
Customer: but i will also consider toluca to tokyo
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have an available trip from Toluca to Tokyo from August 27 to September 5. Would you like to learn more about this trip?
Customer: ok tell me more
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would be staying at the Lunar Island Resort, a 3 star hotel putting you near museum and shopping. The hotel comes with free wifi and a spa, and guests have lavished a 6.91/10 rating upon it. Would you be interested in booking this hotel?
Customer: is that the same hotel if i left from buenos aires?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It would be a different hotel. Would this be okay with you?
Customer: well i would like to compare the two
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Certainly, what would you like to know?
Customer: can I have a side by side comparison. rating, amenities, location
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I'm sorry, I do not understand.
Customer: tell me all the qualities of each hotel. compare them for me
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Lunar Island Resort is a 3 star hotel putting you near museum and shopping. The hotel comes with free wifi and a spa, and comes with a 6.91/10 guest rating
Customer: nah. whats available in salvador. how many different hotels
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you be looking to depart from Buenos Aires?
Customer: sure
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have located one hotel in Salvador: the Water Motel, a 3.5 star adults-only hotel near the museum, palace, and theatre. Would you be interested in booking this hotel?
Customer: what if i left from toluca
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have located one hotel in Salvador: the Water Motel, a 3.5 star adults-only hotel near the museum, palace, and theatre. Would you be interested in booking this hotel?
Customer: is that from toluca
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The aforementioned hotel is for trips departing from Toluca.
Customer: ok. lets book the hotel in fukuoka
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Wonderful, how many adults and children would you like to book for?
Customer: 2 adults
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The trip will cost 8020.11USD, thank you for your business! We hope you have a wonderful trip.
Customer: thanks

