Customer: I am young and rich and oh so cool and I want to give myself the best birthday bash ever just like the Kardashians, but better even. I need YOU to find me the BEST PLACE EVEEEER to go party with my crew of super cool girls.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Okay. Where do you want to go and where will you be leaving from?
Customer: We are from Monterrey. St. Petersburg is back in style now and the paparazzi is sure to follow us there. We want to be SEEN.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I'm going to assume you don't have a budget. How many people will be traveling?
Customer: 7+ moi
Customer Service Agent (CSA): So 8 altogether?
Customer: Yes 8 super cool girls make sure we are in business class okaaaay
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have a preference on hotel ratings?
Customer: Of course I just told you I'm rich and cool and the paparazzi will be there and I want to be better than the Kardashians and THE BEST PLACE EVER so yes the best so a 5 with a spa and a pool and room service
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is nothing in St. Petersburg with 5 stars.
Customer: Okay San Diego, we'll go to San Diego that's hot right now too
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There aren't any 5 star hotels here either.
Customer: Find me something in Cordoba or I'll get my daddy involved :thinking_face:
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We have 5 star hotels here but none with a spa.
Customer: Welll that's a bit better we will find our own spa i'm sure there are plenty in Cordoba tell me about the hotel. Is it near a palace at least?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It has a 8.98/10 guest rating, is near a museum, and offers free breakfast and wifi.
Customer: What's the longest we can stay there we need to stay as long as possible to be SEEN
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 11 days from the 17 to 26th of September.
Customer: We need to go all the way business class how much is this going to cost my daddy?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 38736.52.
Customer: Drop in the bucket! Make sure they have the best birthday cake ever for me okay? Send the bill to my daddy bye.

