Customer: I need to find something in Kyoto between the 17th and 30th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure! Leaving from where?
Customer: Anywhere. I have 6400 also, and my assistant will be joining me.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a lot of packages available at the Glorious Bazaar resort in Kyoto. Its 3 stars and near a museum. Breakfast and wifi are both complimentary.
Customer: What is the price and the dates of travel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): That depends on where you leave from.
Customer: What are my options?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You can leave from Columbus, Cancun, Cairo, Los Angeles, St. Louis, Athens, Dublin, or Indianapolis.
Customer: Where is the cheapest place to leave from?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Out of the above locations, St. Louis is the cheapest with a 13 day package for 4453.91USD.
Customer: Okay. Is the hotel near a park or a beach?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): No, just a museum.
Customer: that wont work then. Do you have anything in Busan?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I sure do! The Smile Hotel in Busan is rated 3 stars, 7.06/10 by guests, and is near both a park and a museum.
Customer: That is good, what is the price?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Leaving from Seattle, the cost for a 13 day stay from September 17-28 would be 5160.6USD with economy class flights.
Customer: okay. Do you have anything to Santos near a park but with a lower price than the Busan package?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can likely find you a lower price to Busan if you suggest a different departure city.
Customer: I don’t care where I depart from
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Well if you leaving from Nagoya instead of Seattle you can have the same package as above for 973.74USD in Busan.
Customer: Okay that would be great! Can you still check Santos for me though?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure. I have numerous availabilities at Hotel Globetrotter, a 3 star hotel with 8.37/10 from users and free breakfast and wifi. The hotel is located in close proximity to a shopping district.
Customer: is it near a park or beach?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is near a shopping district.
Customer: okay so not near a park or beach then?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is near a shopping district.
Customer: you are being unhelpful just answer yes or no, is it near a park or beach?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is near a shopping district.

