Customer: were they going to punta cana? im in mexico city i need to get there
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like me to book a trip for you from Mexico City to Punta Cana?
Customer: yes thats what i said
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Excellent, did you have any dates in mind?
Customer: i can leave on august 30th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great, will you be traveling alone?
Customer: yes. and keep it under a grand
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We have a trip departing on August 30th and returning on September 3. You will be staying at the charming La Estrella del Mar hotel, situated near the palace. The trip costs a total of 270.32USD. Would you like to confirm this booking?
Customer: well whats the hotel rating? it better be good
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Of course! I am pleased to tell you that the hotel is 0 star, and has a 0/10 guest rating.
Customer: gross theres no way im gonna score any candid pics there..what else
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have one other hotel in Punta Cana, but not for the departure date you listed. Would you still be interested in this option?
Customer: fine yeah look into it
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We have a trip departing on September 7 and returning on September 11. You will be staying at the noble el Mar, a 2.5 star hotel located  on the beach. The trip costs 219.55USD - does this sound good to you?
Customer: 2.5 stars are u kidding me. I need something diva-worthy what if i up it to 2g's
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I do not understand, sorry.
Customer: 2000 dollar budget check it
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like to explore alternate destinations?
Customer: no I need to check Punta Cana
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like to choose an alternate date?
Customer: fine
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We have a trip departing on September 10 and returning on September 15. You will be staying at the noble el Mar, a 2.5 star hotel located  on the beach. The trip costs 270.28USD - does this sound good to you?
Customer: i said 2.5 wasnt good enough

