Customer: hello!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I am here to help
Customer: i have between september 6 to 21 to take my team somewhere nice. can you please book six adults from nagoya to buenos aires
Customer Service Agent (CSA): will that be 6 adults?
Customer: yes
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can definitely help you with your request. Are you on a certain budget for this trip?
Customer: no budget!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a few options for you in Nagoya. Let's narrow it down. Do you prefer a 13 day stay or a 10 day stay?
Customer: Does the 13 day trip fit within the constraint I provided?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The 13 day trip would begin on the 8th and return on the 19th of September. I have the Olive Market Hotel available which carries a 4 star rating  and is located in the heart of the city. How does this sound?
Customer: What amenities are there?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): All 6 of you will have access to free wifi and parking and breakfast is available at no charge for your entire party.
Customer: Can you also check if you can book 6 adults to Kyoto? And tell me the costs.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a 9 day package available in Kyoto at the Glorious Bazaar hotel plus,  This hotel carries a 3 star rating, is located near the museum and would work out to 2290.95USD. Free wifi and breakfast are also included with this package.
Customer: Whats the guest rating of this place?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 8.22/10 guest rating
Customer: and for Buenos Aires?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Olive Market Hotel in Buenos Aires has a 8.69/10 guest rating
Customer: Ok lets go ahead and book that. 9 adults please
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Are you interested in upgrading to business class?
Customer: What would be the total cost?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): With the additional 3 people and the upgrade to business class, your total bill would be  57520.1USD.
Customer: lets book it
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I will take care of that for you. Enjoy your trip and please contact us again.
Customer: Thanks!

