Customer: I want to go to san juan from Washington. with 4 friends
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! What is your budget?
Customer: no budget
Customer Service Agent (CSA): When would you like to travel?
Customer: whenever homeslice
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok! I have 14 days at The Brass Tower Inn for 6642.36 USD.
Customer: Tell me more about the hotel
Customer Service Agent (CSA): This 2.5 star hotel is near a market. It features free breakfast and wifi, and has received a 7.06/10 from its guests.
Customer: that doesnt really interest me. Is there anything to stuttgart
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I also have the Fairyland, a 4 star hotel near shopping, museums, and a market with a 8.98/10 from recent guests.
Customer: not bad. ill think about it. Can you give me some info on stuttgart?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you 11 days in Stuttgart at a 3 star hotel near a museum with 7.15 from its guests.
Customer: is that the best hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is the only option in Stuttgart.
Customer: ok. Are there any options in Kyoto?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have Southern Palace Hotel in the heart of the city for 13 days at a price of 22481 USD.
Customer: whats the hotel like
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 3 stars, near a museum, with free breakfast and wifi.
Customer: Are there any 5 star hotels?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): No, not in Kyoto.
Customer: are there any 5 star hotels to the other places?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Where?
Customer: the other places i asked about
Customer Service Agent (CSA): No, sorry - only 2.5 stars in San Juan or the one hotel in Stuttgart.
Customer: da poo? Okay fine i guess we will take the business flights for the 4 star hotel to san juan
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like to fly business class or economy?
Customer: business! Do yo not listen!?!? I literally said business flights
Customer Service Agent (CSA): So business class?
Customer: are you stupid?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The price for business class is 10042.46USD.
Customer: finally. yes book it
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok, I will book it.
Customer: thank u

