Customer: I would like to take my soon to be wife on a great honeymoon, she deserves the best but we can only afford something up to 4200 for 6 days. We had discussed going to Punta Cana from Sapporo where our wedding will take place on the 17th, we can leave after that.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): for 2 adults?
Customer: yeah lol we dont want a third wheel
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There are 2 hotel in Punta Cana that I can offer you - La Estrella del Mar and el Mar. La Estrella del Mar is an unrated hotel whereas the el Mar is rated 2.5 stars. Both offer 6 day packages for under your budget.  How do you feel about these choices?
Customer: What is the guest rating for the 2.5 star hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 0/10
Customer: oh. Well that’s okay. What is the hotel like?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It's on the beach. Asides from that I don't have much information on it.
Customer: do they have wifi or anything?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is no information provided as to which amenities are included with this hotel.
Customer: okay. are there any at the 0 star hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): No information provided for the one either. 
Customer: That’s okay I’ve heard only good things about Cuba plus everything is cheap there because everyone get’s paid a dollar a day. I think we will take the 2.5 star hotel . What are the dates for this package and the cost?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The dates are from Sept 24th to 28th. The cost of this 6 day stay  is  3708.63USD if you want us to fly you there from Sapporo on business class.
Customer: Is there anything earlier?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The unrated hotel La Estrella del Mar is available for the 18th
Customer: Thats perfect. since the hotels probably arent that much different anyway i will book this one. How much is this package?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There are only economy class seats left in this flight and the total cost of the package is  3424.71USD for 2 adults
Customer: Perfect. Sign me up!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You are all signed up. Have an excellent trip.
Customer: Thanks! You were a great help!

