Customer: I absolutely positively must get my parents out of Salvador as long as possible between September 17 and October 8!:persevere:
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Okay, where would you like to go?
Customer: Not me, I'm not going anywhere! I need THEM out of town! Send them anywhere you can!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): So would that just be two adults then? And is there a budget?
Customer: Yes my mom and dad. I have $5700 in savings. It has to be something romantic coz I'm giving it to them as an "anniversary" gift.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I found an excellent 18 day package at a 3 star hotel by the beach in Atlanta, US, costing a grand total of 4889.80. Would you be interested in booking this trip?
Customer: 3 star?!? They'll never go for it....they like luxury. Got anything that's like a 5 star?!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The closest thing I have is a 15 day package to Rosario with a 4 star hotel. They can fly with business class, costing at a total of 2624.13. Would you be interested in booking this?
Customer: How about something on the beach? My mom likes to suntan.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I'm afraid of all the options I have, there is no hotel by the beach that is above 3 stars. Would you be interested in booking a 3 star hotel by the beach?
Customer: The 4 star hotel in Rosario, what's that one like?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel has a rating of 8.86 out of 10 and you can do some great shopping in the area. Breakfast and wifi is included with the package, and it departs on Friday September 23rd, returning to Salvador on Friday October 7th.
Customer: k the 23rd should be good...enough time to prepare for the competition. I don't want to spend all my savings though...they don't need to fly on business class that;s for rich people. Whats it cost on economy?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The package with economy class would cost a total of 2204.67 USD.  Would you like me to book this package to Rosario for you?
Customer: YES!!!! Lets get them outta town!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Perfect. The booking is complete.
Customer: Thanks! :airplane::joy:
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You're welcome!

