Customer: looking at tijuana and i would likely be leaving from ciudad juarez asap
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hello! Which city would you like to go to?
Customer: check out tijuana
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Wonderful, do you have any dates in mind?
Customer: have me back in ciudad juarez for sept sixth
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like to leave as soon as possible?
Customer: is that not what asap means….
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Certainly. How many adults and children are you traveling with?
Customer: no children, christ. 2 adults
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a trip leaving August 23 and returning September 3, would you be interested in hearing more?
Customer: potentially.. yes, whatre the details
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You will be staying at the Hotel Perfection, rated an impressive 6.77/10 by its guests. The hotel is near the park, and is stacked with amenities such as free wifi, breakfast, and parking. The cost of the trip comes to 2224.91USD - would you like to confirm booking?
Customer: 6.77 rating is far from ideal, honey. look in baltimore if you need to
Customer Service Agent (CSA): No problem! In Baltimore, we have a trip package from August 27 to September 3 at the Countryside Inn, which has garnered an exceptional 8.69/10 rating from its guests. The trip costs 1761.65USD, and provides free breakfast, wifi, and parking. Would you be interested in booking this trip?
Customer: 8.69 is somewhat more acceptable but I really need the best. if I left from Santiago could you find me a 10 star
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 8.69 is the highest rated hotel in Baltimore. Would you like me to try an alternate destination?
Customer: tijuana
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The highest rated hotel in Tijuana is 7.15. Would you like to hear more about this option?
Customer: absolutely not. book me the trip to baltimore
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Certainly! Thank you for your business, we hope you have a wonderful trip :slightly_smiling_face:

