Customer: Hey! You can help me by finding a trip to Philadelphia from Maceio.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): In Philadelphia you can stay at a 2.5 star hotel for 11 days. As for Fukuoka, 11 days at a 2.5 star hotel would cost 4719.74USD. I can offer 14 days in Essen for 3787.14USD; this would be at a 2.0 star hotel. 4 days at a 2.0 star hotel in San Antonio would cost 2311.48USD.
Customer: Let's start with Philadelphia, how much is it I upgrade to business class?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For this hotel in Philadelphia, it would cost 3340.56USD to travel from Maceio by business class.
Customer: And for a four star hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sorry, I only have 2.5 star hotels available in Philadelphia.
Customer: Let's see about Fukuoka upgraded to business class and a four star hotel.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a 3.5 star hotel available in Fukuoka, The Oceanside Hotel. It has a guest rating of 8.22/10. I could book you a business class trip for 11 days at 6228.88USD.
Customer: Is this hotel in the downtown area of the city?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I do not know the location of The Oceanside Hotel within the city of Fukuoka, sorry.
Customer: Is there a spa in the hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is no spa in the hotel, but there is free wifi.
Customer: I will keep this option in mind. How about Essen, do you have anything less than 14 days?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have a length of stay in mind?
Customer: Around 11 days.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sorry, I am only coming up with 14 day trips to Essen. Perhaps another nearby departure city would work?
Customer: Good idea. What about Canoas?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It seems that Canoas is not in my database.
Customer: What about porto alegre
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have multiple 5 day options available from Porto to Essen. 
Customer: I would prefer 11 days
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have a departure date in mind? Or an approximate departure date?
Customer: Anytime in the month of September
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately I only have 5 days options leaving from Porto available at this time.
Customer: In that case, let's go back to the Fukuoka 11 day package.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like me to explore your Fukuoka options leaving from Porto Alegre?
Customer: Yes please.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can offer 13 days in Fukuoka for 5777.48USD.
Customer: In that case, I will take the 11 day package. One more thing, is there free breakfast?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The 11 day trip to Fukuoka from Maceia is also during August. However, the Oceanside Hotel does provide free breakfast!
Customer:  I'll book this one. Thank you, friend!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great, thank you!

