Customer: I wanna see tokyo maybe. i wanna check out the city for a week starting august 24
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately I can't find you anything with those dates. I can book you for a week in the Apex Hotel starting on the 6th of September. How does that sound?
Customer: no. what about in Fukuoka
Customer Service Agent (CSA): If you're interested in Fukuoka, the closest I can offer you to those dates would be the 27th to the 30th of August. Would you like to hear more about this package?
Customer: ok thats a possibility. leaving from ciudad juarez right?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes, I can offer you a flight leaving from Ciudad Juarez
Customer: how much?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): This package costs 2495.92USD. Would you like me to book this package?
Customer: no jesus slow your roll. what about if i went to tijuana
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It looks like I could book you 6 days in Tijuana starting on the 24th. The total cost of this trip would be 882.52USD. Would you like me to book this package?
Customer: no omg wait. what are the details
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would be staying at the Resort Jade Covert, a 3-star hotel with a 7.15/10 guest rating conveniently located within walking distance to a major shopping center. This resort also offers free breakfast, free wifi and free parking. You would be flying out on Wednesday, August 24 at 11:57 a.m. and returning on Monday, August 29 at 5:57 a.m. Would you like me to book this package?
Customer: ok hold on. but what are the details in  fukuoka tho
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Your hotel would be the Apex Hotel, a 3-star hotel with a 6.61/10 guest rating located at the heart of downtown Fukuoka. This resort also offers free wifi. You would be flying out on Saturday, August 27th at 8:00 am and returning at 3:00 am on Wednesday, August 31st.
Customer: i dont wanna fly at 3 am when else can i fly
Customer Service Agent (CSA): All of the packages I can offer you to Tijuana have 3:00a.m. flight times. Would you like to try different dates?
Customer: my dates are august 27-31
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately I can't find you any other flight times within those dates.

