Customer: I am the happy father of 3 children
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hello!
Customer: And I would like to treat them with a family trip to Berlin!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): From where?
Customer: Kingston
Customer Service Agent (CSA): What is your budget?
Customer: Eight thousand six hundred dollars
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How many adults?
Customer: Two!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): When would you like to leave?
Customer: August 30th at the earliest
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is a 5 star hotel, departing September 3rd and returning on the 14th. This business class flight costs 7649.24.
Customer: Heyyy five stars, there we go! Can I hear some more?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The other option is at another 5 star hotel, departing September 8th and returning on the 15th. This business flight costs 7944.94.
Customer: Oh, sorry, I should’ve been clear. I meant more information
but you can give me some more info on both packages now :smile: 
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes, the first package has a 8.86/10 guest rating and offers free breakfast and wifi. The second package has a 8.8/10 guest rating, is near a museum, and offers free breakfast and wifi.
Customer: Well well well. First place has it beat in the user’s eye by .1 The first package, the hotel isnt near anything interesting?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Not according to what my database gives.
Customer: Well, lets explore options in Paris
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We have a 4 star hotel near a museum and palace. Price is 8230.26 for business seats. 9.16/10 guest rating. Free breakfast and wifi. Departing August 30th, returning September 6th.
Customer: Wonderful guest rating! what might be available in St. Louis?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Our best package for this is a 5 star hotel, 8.98/10 guest rating, free breakfast and wifi, business class flights, departing August 31st and returning September 13th, all for the price of 6606.14.
Customer: Lots of swanky hotels to choose from! Well, based on length of trip, that one to SL sounds like a great deal. I think I wanna go ahead with booking that
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Lovely! Your trip is booked! You will get a confirmation email within the hour. Have a nice day!

