Customer: You can help me by looking for some trips, so that I can escape my problems if only for a short while. I need to get out of Nagoya for a bit
You got flights to Leon?
I'd like to stay there for 10 days, and I'd like to take my wife and son
Customer Service Agent (CSA): When would you like to leave?
Customer: Not picky with dates, but I hope soon!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have a budget?
Customer: 5400
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Is there a different destination?
Customer: Calgary also works
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There are no results for this either. Are you able to increase your budget?
Customer: Unfortunately not...I'm not exactly in good financial standing here Can you think of something here...I really need a trip
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have any other possible destinations in mind?
Customer: Those were the only two in mind. You got any other ideas?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We have trips to Sydney, Munich, Osaka, Kyoto, Tokyo, and Kobe.
Customer: These are all under my budget?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): yes.
Customer: Its rather curious that I can get to Sydney but not Calgary But I suppose thats not your fault In any case, can you give me more details?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For Sydney?
Customer: Correct
Customer Service Agent (CSA): This is a 4 star hotel near a park, 8.86/10 guest rating, free breakfast, wifi, and parking, departing August 30th, returning September 7th, economy class seats, 5279.67.
Customer: Let me just ask about Munich also
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel in Munich is a 5 star hotel near a university, 0/10 guest rating, free wifi, departing September 6th, returning September 14th, economy seats, 4635.19.
Customer: 0/10 guest rating???
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Correct.
Customer: That is rather frightening Ok I'll ask my wife if Sydney is a suitable destination and get back to you 
but thanks for all your help, I feel much better now
Customer Service Agent (CSA): No problem! Have a nice day!

