Customer: Hey looking to go to Osaka
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Where are you looking to leave from?
Customer: London possibly
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you have a budget?
Customer: nopeee
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Traveling with anyone else?
Customer: nah just me
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you know when you would like to leave?
Customer: August 15th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We only have trips to Denver and Calgary. Do either of these interest you?
Customer: what if I leave from montreal
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You can go to San Juan, Cleveland, or Seattle.
Customer: what is there is Seattle
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Seattle has a 3.5 star hotel, park, museum, university, free wifi and parking. The cost is 569.14.
Customer: any other hotels/
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Not for Seattle.
Customer: okay what about chicago?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): All hotels are 2.5 star hotels. Would you like economy or business class?
Customer: Business please
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like the cheaper business package?
Customer: PLease elaborate and explain the different possibilities
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is a 2337.27 hotel with and airport and mall nearby. They offer free breakfast and wifi. This trip is from August 21st to September 2nd.
Customer: and what other options
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is a 2369.40 hotel with a park and museum. They offer free breakfast wifi and parking. This is from August 15th to 27th. The last option is a 2403.44 hotel, museum, and university. They offer free breakfast, wifi, and parking. This trip is from August 21st to September 2nd.
Customer: the second offer seems best can you tell me more about it
Customer Service Agent (CSA): This is a stay at the Galaxy Temple, with a 8.22/10 guest rating. The flight leaves from Montreal at 4pm or 9pm. The returning flight leaves Chicago at 11am or 4pm.
Customer: This one seems good can we book it?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Of course! Your trip is booked! Have a great trip and thank you!
Customer: Thank

