Customer: I want to go to Dublin
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Where are you coming from? And when would you like to go?
Customer: Dublin
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How many will you be?
Customer: just me for now
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Okay, I have for you an 11 day stay from Sept 12-21 at a 2.5 star hotel close to the park, university, and mall.
Customer: Anything with a higher rated hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately no, that is our only availability in Dublin that meets your criteria.
Customer: Hmmm, could you check Rome then?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I regret to inform you that there are no trips to Rome that works for you.
Customer: my dates are flexible, would that change anything?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): That certainly does! We can offer you a 12 day stay from Sept 11-21 at a 4.0 star hotel near the cathedral with a whooping 8.98/10 guest rating.
Customer: well thats definitely sounding pretty good. I'm just curious to see if I can find a 5 star hotel. What if I leave from Melbourne instead and fly to Dublin?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I could not find a 5.0 star hotel for you with those selections, sorry! The best is in fact a 2.5 star hotel.
Customer: Anything from Melbourne to Rome for 5 stars?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sadly no, the best in Rome is still the one that I previously mentioned.
Customer: hmm okay well how about if I go to Sendai?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Our best in Sendai is also a 4.0 star hotel. It has guest ratings of 8.8/10 and is near a park and museum.
Customer: How long is the trip to Sendai?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You will be there for 9 days from Sept 7-14.
Customer: what is the price for business class flights?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It would be 2843.16.
Customer: how about going from Kochi to Rome?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 12 days with business flights would be 3258.45.
Customer: well that's not a huge difference and the Rome trip is longer......better guest rating too....yeah. I want this one, can you book it for me? ... actulally
can you book it for me and 2 others?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Absolutely! The same package for the 3 of you will be a total of 9775.37. Should I confirm this reservation for you?
Customer: Definitely!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is confirmed for you! Hope you have a great trip!
Customer: Thanks!

