Customer: Hey, my colleagues and I want to go on a trip sometime between September 6 and September 10, if possible.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok, where are you located?
Customer: Punta Cana.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): And where would you like to go?
Customer: Punta Cana.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How many of you are there?
Customer: It will be for the 4 of us.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can’t find anything between those dates unfortunately, could you return a couple days later?
Customer: What if I try a different destination between those dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Where would you like to try?
Customer: Los Angeles.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Nothing, sorry. It seems the dates are the issue.
Customer: Okay let's stick with Punta Cana. I guess we could be a bit flexible with the dates.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great :slightly_smiling_face: Is there a maximum amount of days you would like to travel?
Customer: Not really, but something as close to the original dates as possible would be great. So maybe about 5 or so days would be good.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The shortest I seem to find is 12 days from Sept 6-17.
Customer: What if I go to Los Angeles?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can do 10 days in Los Angeles from Sept 8-17.
Customer: Nevermind. Could you please give me more details about the 12 days trip to Punta Cana? Thanks.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There are 3 packages actually. The Scarlet Peaks Hotel, a 3 star hotel, Atlantis Gorge, a 2.5 star hotel, and the Plaza Serene Raven, another 3 star.
Customer: Which one's the cheapest between the 3 star hotel packages?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Scarlet Peaks Hotel would cost 3499.15USD.
Customer: And the Plaza Serene Raven?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 3735.20USD
Customer: Okay, I'll take the Scarlet Peaks Hotel package please.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sure! That hotel has a 6.77/10 user rating, is near a cathedral, and provides free breakfast and wifi.
Customer: Great, sounds perfect. Thank you.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): My pleasure :slightly_smiling_face:

