Customer: got a big family trip coming up tomorrow that I havent booked yet - ha! we have 13800 to bring our 5 kids somewhere. need to be back by september 17 for work
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sounds great, where would you like to go?
Customer: we live in St. Petersburg and want to check out Munich
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Absolutely. How many adults would be on this trip?
Customer: 2 adults. and of course the 5 youngsters
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We've got what you're looking for! How does Munich from September 6 to 12 in a five-star hotel sound?
Customer: five stars, yes! I like it! what are the deets?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You would be staying near the university, and wifi-comes free.
Customer: price?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): At 9449.92USD, you would be well under budget.
Customer: St. Louis
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I could offer you yet another 5-star hotel stay, this time a longer trip too - August 31 to September 14!
Customer: you’re giving me life here today! what would the hotel be like?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): This hotel gives you free breakfast and wi-fi, and guests have showered it with a 8.98/10 rating.
Customer: Awesome!!!!! what is that hotel called
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Lunar
Customer: what is available in Burlington?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You could get away for a very economical price at 1879.2USD, if you choose to stay at the 2.5 star Excursion Motel from September 7-14.
Customer: hmm I can’t possibly pass on two 5 star offers. what is the price for the Lunar package?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It would be quite reasonable, at 5122.47USD.
Customer: very reasonable indeed
lots left over for another vacay perhaps! is the hotel located near the beach or anything like that?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately, I cannot say that it is.
Customer: ah well, I’m sure it’ll be more than suitable. i think ill go ahead with that booking
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great, it is done!
Customer: thanks bud!

