Customer: Hello, I represent a group of people who want to get out of Munich. our group comprises 4 adults and 6 children
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Wonderful! Just to confirm, you will be be booking for 4 adults and 6 children?
Customer: I forgot that there is a fifth adult travelling with our group
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Wonderful! Just to confirm, you will be booking for 5 adults and 6 children?
Customer: If you want to know, our budget for this trip is 33900 
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Excellent, what is the destination that you seek?
Customer: Our group does not care where it travels
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I am pleased to extend to you an opportunity to indulge in 13 days at the exquisite Sunrise Elephant Hotel in Punta Cana. The hotel is rated 3.5 stars, and 8.69/10 by its guests, thanks to its close proximity to both the cathedral and the palace. As an added bonus, free wifi and parking are included! The trip costs 30025.62USD - would you like to book?
Customer: There isn't anything else I can afford with my money?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Alternatively, I have located a once-in-a-lifetime 8 day vacation to exotic Kochi! You will live at the breathtaking Hotel Grandiose Rose, a 3.5 star establishment in the heart of the city, near a park. Free parking is provided, and the trip comes to 30229.54USD. Would you like me to book this trip instead?
Customer: could I not afford any other trips for less than 33900?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): how about 6 days in gorgeous Ulsan! Live like royalty at The Sapphire Time, a 5-star flagship hotel situated near local parks, malls, and theaters. Taking in the sights is made all the more convenient by provision of free wifi and parking - guests have given this hotel a rating of 8.98/10!
Customer: sounds beautiful!!!! what are trip dates
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The trip dates to Ulsan are from September 2 to September 6.
Customer: What about the dates for KOCHI
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The trip dates to Kochi are from September 6 to September 12.
Customer: ok what are the dates for Punta Cana
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The trip dates to Punta Cana are from August 27 to September 8.
Customer: How much of my money would I have to spend going to Ulsan?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The cost for the Ulsan trip package comes to 30332.12USD.
Customer: Please, please book this terrific trip
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Booking completed, email confirmation sent! Bon voyage!
Customer: Thank you.

