Customer: Good day, please book me a trip from Vancouver, Jamaica to Recife. I would like to leave for 17 days on August 24.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Would you like to travel to Vancouver, Canada from Dublin, USA?
Customer: No, I would like to depart from Vancouver, Jamaica for the aforementioned destination.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you an 8 day trip from Calgary to Vancouver, Canada for 810.50USD.
Customer: I would not like to travel to Vancouver, Canada.  Do you have any trips to Recife, Brazil?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you a trip from Porto Alegre to Recife for 682.19USD.
Customer: I will take any package you give me to any destination as long as it leaves from Vancouver, Jamaica.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you a trip from Vancouver, Canada to Toronto, Canada for 837.99USD.
Customer: If you cannot book me a flight that leaves from Vancouver, Jamaica then I cannot book a trip.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I cannot book you a trip leaving from Vancouver, Jamaica.
Customer: Actually I will be departing from Vancouver, British Columbia, do you have packages to Recife?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book 11 days in Recife leaving from Vancouver for 2171.6USD.
Customer: Do you have any similar packages to Goiania?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book 5 days in Goiania for 2190.68USD.
Customer: What kind of hotel would I be staying at in Recife?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 3.5 star hotel for free wi-fi, free parking, and free breakfast.
Customer: Would my room have a view of the city? How much would it cost to upgrade to a room with a view?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I cannot provide this information
Customer: Ok, I'm ready to buy this package
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok. I will book this package for you. You will be leaving Vancouver, Canada at 1:00 pm - Monday, August 15th 2016 and arriving in Recife, Brazil at 10:16 pm - Monday, August 15th 2016. You will be staying at La Casa Del Amor. Enjoy your trip.
Customer: I was supposed to leave on August 24th. Do you have any packages that leave on that date?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can book you 11 days in Recife leaving Vancouver on August 27th for 3119.42USD.
Customer: Actually I would like to purchase the first package to Recife.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok, I will book you the package to Recife that leaves Vancouver, Canada on August 15.
Customer: Thanks

