Customer: please get me out to paris!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): When would you like to leave and where would you like to go?
Customer: sept 11-26. I don't care about my point of departure
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Do you want to go to Paris or leave from Paris?
Customer: the former
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Can you leave from Rosario?
Customer: can you get me to paris for under 4000?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For under $4000, I have 14 day packages in Paris from several points of departure. Can you leave from New York?
Customer: yes i can! Is it by a park, then?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I do not have hotels available in Paris near a park at the moment. However, I do have one near a palace.
Customer: ok lets try birmingham
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Birmingham from anywhere?
Customer: yes, i can just use my points
Customer Service Agent (CSA): All my hotels in Birmingham are near a museum
Customer: what about Marseille?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): In Marseille, I have hotels either by the museum or the cathedral
Customer: what rating are these hotels?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): In Birmingham or Marseille?
Customer: Marseille first
Customer Service Agent (CSA): In Marseille, all available hotels around your date of September 11 are 4 star hotels
Customer: do any of them stand out?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hotel Duchesse has an excellent guest rating of 8.98/10, includes wifi and is near the museum.
Customer: Which is the hotel near the cathedral? I'm thinking I could take my dogs out in that area
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have the Grand Hotel, a 4 star hotel which also has an excellent guest rating of 8.69/10, includes wifi and has a spa to relax in.
Customer: Where would you have me flying from, if I were to go to Marseille?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Are you able to go from Cancun, Mexico?
Customer: How much would that cost?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Puebla?
Customer: cost?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): One more choice - Athens, Greece. The cheapest is out of Puebla at 2954.73USD
Customer: How long would I be staying at the Grand Hotel in that Puebla option?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Your stay would span 10 days from September 12 to September 20.
Customer: And the flights are in which class?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 2954.73USD for economy and  3804.65USD for business
Customer: okay put me on economy please!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I will book you at the Grand Hotel for your 10 day stay via economy class right away. I wish you a pleasant trip.
Customer: much appreciated, thanks

