Customer: Hi im from punta cana looking to go on a trip
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Where would you like to travel to?
Customer: Im thinking to Fukuoka
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Did you have any specific dates in mind?
Customer: maybe the 15th of August until the 20th
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How many people will be travelling with you?
Customer: just myself
Customer Service Agent (CSA): would the 15th to the 18th work for you?
Customer: where would i be staying?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): HOTEL Sugoi in Fukuoka
Customer: what is the rating
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is a 3-star hotel and your package includes free wifi
Customer: and what if i were to go to Essen?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a couple of choices in Essen. Are you looking for a 2-star or a 3-star option?
Customer: The three star option
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Your best choice would be the Relaxation Hotel which is a 3-star hotel and includes breakfast and wifi. It is available either from August 15th to August 27 or from August 27th to September 2nd.  Do either one of those dates fit into your schedule?
Customer: these dates don’t look like they would be compatible with my schedule. Hey, how about going to hiroshima?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I apologize, I have nothing available to Hiroshima. Would you like me to explore other options?
Customer: Is there a flight to Santiago
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have several that suit your dates.. Your stay would be at the Una casa which is a 3-star hotel and includes free breakfast, wifi and parking, should you wish to rent a car and explore the surrounding areas.  The flight departs on August 15th and returns on the 20th.
Customer: can you compare the price of this and the one to the package in St. Loius
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The package to Santiago is $2455.37 as opposed to the package to Essen which would be $3016.94. Please keep in mind that the trip to Essen is a longer trip though.
Customer: and how much is the trip to Fukuoka and what are the dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): That package was $3794 based on economy class. It departed on August 15th with a return date of August 18th.
Customer: which of these have the best rated hotels?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): In Fukuoka, the hotel is a 3-star, in Essen you have the option of a 2-star at $3016.94 or a 3-star at $3073.16 and in Santiago the hotel has a 3-star rating.
Customer: it seems to me that the packages in Essen are the best offer. So what are the dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Are you interested in the 2-star option or the 3-star option?
Customer: the 3 star hotel seems to be the best how much would it be to book a business class flight?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): If you are looking for a business class flight, I only have one package that has the availability. It would be at the Motel Ivory which is the 2-star hotel and  is only available from August 26 to September 1st. The total price for that package is $3314.99.
Customer: If i were to choose economy class what would it be?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): At the 2-star Motel Ivory Safari, for your original departure date of August 15 it is $3016.94. At the 3-star Relaxation Hotel,  it is $3073.16.  Is Essen your final choice for the destination?
Customer: yes i believe it will be. lets book the 3 star hotel
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Fantastic. Let me get all your information so that we can finalize your reservation.
Customer: sounds perfect! thank you!

