Customer: Hi there! I'm stuck in Burlington and I need to go to Dublin.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Hi! What are your travel needs?
Customer: My needs are that I need travel sometime between September 12 and September 17.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ok, sure! Have you got a budget?
Customer: I do not but I am going to make you work here cause I want it to be the best deal possible meaning value per dollar.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately I only have trips returning by September 21st if you leave by the 14th.
Customer: No, I need to travel sometime between September 12 and September 17. What about if I go to NY instead.?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Sorry, still nothing within this date range.
Customer: Geez, you guys suck. Let's try Osaka then.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have one hotel available! R&B Hotel Prophecy from the 12th to the 17th.
Customer: Okay now we are getting somewhere. Tell me ALL about this hotel.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is 2.5 stars, near a museum, has free breakfast and wifi, and has received a 7.06/10 rating from previous guests. The package would cost 3793.39 USD for economy class flights.
Customer: wow that's pretty pricey for 2.5 star hotel. Is that all you got in Osaka?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes, that is it.
Customer: That just leaves Denver. Please tell me you have something in Denver!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have Solar Inn Of Denver available from September 12 until the 17th. It is 3.0 stars, 8.69/10 guest rating, has free wifi, and costs 1049.46 for economy class flights.
Customer: What's it close to?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I do not have that information.
Customer: What about the Osaka one, what's that close to?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): A museum.
Customer: Value for dollar Denver seems to be a much better deal and I don't have to travel as far....I'll go with Denver. Can you upgrade me to business class?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes, that brings your total to 1242.1USD.
Customer: That sounds good. Go ahead and reserve that for me.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Great, will do!

