Customer: I sure hope! I want to go to Santo Domingo!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): You and who else?
Customer: No one else!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Where from?
Customer: I could leave from Ciudad Juarez.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I'm afraid there are no trips from Ciudad Juarez to  Santo Domingo. Would it be possible for you to leave from somewhere else?
Customer: Actually yeah I could leave from Kochi.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Unfortunately there are no flights from Kochi either. Is there another city of departure that you would like to suggest?
Customer: How about let's try going to Busan then? From Ciudad Juarez is possible?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes, do you need to adhere to a time frame?
Customer: I hope to travel between Sept 8-17. But I'm willing to make it flexible to find a food trip.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We have one beautiful package for you from Ciudad Juarez to Busan that is 6 days long. The stay would be at a 3 star hotel that includes free parking, breakfast, and wifi. Does this interest you?
Customer: Can I ask you whether it's possible to find a better hotel if I depart from Kochi?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Same hotel I'm afraid.
Customer: Are there longer trips then?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): From Ciudad Juarez or Kochi?
Customer: Either, which one offers the longer stay in Busan?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Ciudad Juarez, for 6 days.
Customer: Would the hotel be close to any points of interest by any chance?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes, plenty. A park, a museum, and a university. Would you be interested in booking?
Customer: Alright, you convinced me. Please tell me business flights are available though
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Why of course! It costs 4421.61 in total, departing on Monday September 12th and returning on Friday September 16th. Shall I proceed with booking?
Customer: Can you actually book it for 2?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For 2 it would cost a grand total of 8843.23 for business class. Shall I proceed with booking?
Customer: Yup go ahead!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Your booking is now complete. Please expect an email in the next few hours. Thank you for stopping by.
Customer: Thanks for everything!

