Customer: Hey hey hi! I've got a 10 day vacation break earned and can take it any time after the second of September So, I'd like to explore my options departing from Rio de Janeiro
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Certainly! Do you have any companions on this trip?
Customer: Ah, this is a Solo trip
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How about 10 days at the Bronze Luxury Hotel, a 5-star hotel with a pristine 10/10 guest rating? I can book you from September 11 to 20.
Customer: Ah wonderful, but where is it?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Its in beautiful Sacramento.
Customer: Where else are there packages available?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can also send you to scenic Montreal, where you'd be staying at The Illustrious Haven Hotel, a 4 star establishment with a stellar 8.86/10 guest rating!
Customer: What is the price? Does the hotel have any included amenities?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For economy class flights, the price will be 2797.81USD, and includes free parking and wifi. it is located near a market and a mall!
Customer: Well ok.. what else is there for me in terms of destinations?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): A beachfront resort in Brasilia awaits you...namely 10 days at the Sublime Tower! :beach_with_umbrella:
Customer: awesome!! What does the hotel have to offer?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): In addition to being near a beach, it is also in close proximity to shopping and theatres. Amenities are stacked: free wifi, breakfast, and parking.
Customer: And the rating?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 3.5 stars, 8.69/10 from its legions of satisfied guests!
Customer: Not too shabby at all.
So far that's got my eye above the others. Before I book it, are there any other trips available in my parameters that have a 4.5 or 5 star hotel?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Am I to understand that you have an unlimited budget?
Customer: Well I mean I'm not rolling in dough but I'm splurging here
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How about the Hotel Oishi in Hiroshima? 4.5 stars, 8.86 guest rating, and near the museum.
Customer: Amenities? Dates?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Free wifi, and the dates are September 8 to 15.
Customer: What are the dates for the Brasilia trip?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): September 10 to 19.
Customer: Can I get anything a little closer to September 2? I'm anxious to go now!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): How about the Tranquil Seaside Inn in San Jose? 4 stars, and I can book you from September 2 to 10.
Customer: Not bad! Near the beach?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It is near both the beach and the museum.
Customer: I'm impressed! Breakfast included?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Not only breakfast, but also wifi and parking!
Customer: Alright, you've sold me! What's the damage? I wanna book
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For business class, I can send you on your way for 6125.75USD.
Customer: Done. Thanks for your assistance !
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Thanks for your business! Have a great day!

