Customer: I'm looking for a trip between September 1 and 11
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Perfect, where will you be travelling to and what city would you like to depart from?
Customer: Leaving from St. Petersburg Destination Punta Cana!
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Number of people?  Adults and kids.
Customer: Just 1 adult
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Did you have a budget in mind?
Customer: Not exactly. I want to compare a few different options.
Customer Service Agent (CSA): From St. Petersburg to Punta Cana, I have no available packages. Are your dates flexible, by any chance?
Customer: my dates aren't too flexible unfortunately, but I have a few other destinations in mind, Can you check for Kobe?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I have a 6 day package available to Kobe from St. Petersburg during those dates.  The Resort Ancient Angel is a 3.5 star hotel and the Royal Island Inn is a 3 star located near the market and the palace. Do either one of these interest you?
Customer: What are the main difference between the two hotels?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There's not a huge difference. One is a 3 star the other a 3.5 star. The 3.5 star Resort Ancient Angel has a guest rating of 8.69/10 and is available from Sept 6th to the 10th whereas the 3 star Royal Island Inn has no guest ratings yet and is available from Sept 1st to the 5th. They both include free wifi. The 3.5 star Resort Ancient Angel is about $600 more for a 6 day stay.
Customer: Can you help me check for options in Miami?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Majestic Island Inn & Suites  is our only option in Miami. It is a 3.5 star rated hotel with a guest rating of 8.8/10 and is open for a 7 day stay. Wifi, parking and breakfast are included.
Customer: How many days is this package?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): 7 days for the price of  1008.99USD if you travel via economy class
Customer: Lastly can you help me check for Valencia?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): In Valencia, I have 2 choices for your stay. Stardust Hotel which has a 4 star rating or The Gold  which has a 5 star rating. Both are available for a 7 day stay.
Customer: Can you tell me a bit more about these hotels?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The Stardust Hotel has an excellent guest rating of 9.32/10 and includes free wifi. It is located near the museum and is priced at 2378.72USD. The Gold - 7 days also has an excellent guest rating of 8.98/10, includes free wifi  and is priced at 2358.99USD.
Customer: What will be the travel dates for these two packages?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The flights on both these packages are the same - Sept 6 to Sept 11 and the flights are available in both economy or business class.
Customer: Can you let me know the costs for the two Kobe packages?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Royal Island Inn is 2837.59USD and the Ancient Angel  is 3408.83USD. Pricing is based on economy class flights.
Customer: And the Valencia prices you gave me earlier are also based on economy flights?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Yes they are.
Customer: I will go with the Stardust Hotel in Valencia. Can you confirm the booking?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I will process the booking for the Stardust hotel in Valencia from sept 6 to Sept 11 and send you an email confirmation. Thank you for your patience and have a lovely day.
Customer: Amazing! Thanks for the help!

