Customer: i am travel from septeber 8 until 20. to berlin from santa cruz
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Okay great! Do you have a budget in mind?
Customer: no budget just tell me what is best trip i can do
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I can get you an amazing 13 day package at a 5 star hotel leaving and returning exactly on the dates that you want! It would come to 3597 total for economy and 4679.70 for business. What do you think? :slightly_smiling_face:
Customer: 5 star is very great. is this a hotel on the beach?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I'm afraid we don't have any hotels on the beach, but there is a museum and a cathedral nearby! Would you like to book this trip?
Customer: ok pls check la paz from santa cruz
Customer Service Agent (CSA): For La Paz we have only a 10 day trip at a 4 star hotel. Economy would cost 2726.75 and business would cost 3491.67. What do you think?
Customer: cheaper, hotel still nice. what is guest rating?
are there nice amenities?
Customer Service Agent (CSA): The hotel has a guest rating of 8.98/10, and there is free parking, free breakfast, and free wifi! Are you interested in booking this trip?
Customer: it sounds good. i want to check denver too
Customer Service Agent (CSA): We have a 3 star hotel with a guest rating of 8.86/10 with free breakfast and free wifi costing at 3258.92, and it's for 10 days. What do you think?
Customer: not bad but not as nice of a hotel. good guest rating i guess tho
can you remind  me the guest rating from the first hotel in berlin..
Customer Service Agent (CSA): It has a guest rating of 8.49/10. Does anything sound appealing to you yet?
Customer: pretty good - but lower than the 4 and 3 star ones... weird
can u check for st. petersburg as well
Customer Service Agent (CSA): I'm afraid we don't have any flights from Santa Cruz to St. Petersburg.
Customer: ok. well i like the denver package
do u know what attractions are nearby
Customer Service Agent (CSA): There is a park nearby.
Customer: i like it. go with that one
Customer Service Agent (CSA): Okay I've just booked it for you. Enjoy your trip to Denver :slightly_smiling_face:
Customer: thank uy

